rick: (stumbles in drunkenly, and turns on the lights) morty! you gotta come on. jus... you gotta come with me. 
rick: i got a surprise for you, morty. 
rick: (spills alcohol on morty's bed) come on, i got a surprise for you. (drags morty by the ankle) come on, hurry up. (pulls morty out of his bed and into the hall) 
rick: we gotta go, gotta get outta here, come on. got a surprise for you morty. 
rick: (rick drives through the night sky) what do you think of this... flying vehicle, morty? i built it outta stuff i found in the garage. 
rick: morty. i had to... i had to do it. i had i had to i had to make a bomb, morty. i had to create a bomb. 
rick: we're gonna drop it down there just get a whole fresh start, morty. create a whole fresh start. 
rick: come on, morty. just take it easy, morty. it's gonna be good. right now, we're gonna go pick up your little friend jessica. 
rick: (puts an arm around morty s shoulders) when i drop the bomb you know, i want you to have somebody, you know? i want you to have the thing. i'm gonna make it like a new adam and eve, and you're gonna be adam. 
rick: and jessica's gonna be eve. 
rick: and so that's the surprise, morty. 
rick: i-i get what you're trying to say, morty. listen, i'm not... (spills alcohol down his shirt) you don't got... y-you don t gotta worry about me trying to fool around with jessica or mess around with jessica or anything. i'm not that kind of guy, morty. 
rick: you-you don't have to worry about me getting with jessica or anything. sh-sh-she she, she, she's all for you, morty. 
rick: you know what, morty? you're right. (throws empty bottle into the backseat) let's forget the girl altogether. she, she's probably nothing but trouble, anyways. (presses a button) 
rick: get off of me, morty! (they begin to talk over each other) 
rick: (at the same time) come on! what s gotten into you? if you love earth so much why don t you marry it? (pushes morty) what are you, crazy? alright, alright, morty. (pushes morty off of him) 
rick: alright. i'll-i'll land. i'll land. i'll land. i'll land the thing. i ll land the thing. big tough guy all of a sudden. 
rick: (rick lands the cruiser in an open desert; he opens the door and tumbles out among dozens of empty alcohol cans and bottles) we'll park it right here, morty. right here on the side of the ree... road here. 
rick: you know what? that was all a test, morty. just an elaborate test to make you more assertive. 
rick: sure. why not? i don t, i don't know. y-you know what, mo (falls asleep and begins snoring) 
rick: what, so everyone's supposed to sleep every single night now? you realize that nighttime makes up half of all time? 
rick: mm, there is no god, summer. you gotta rip that band-aid off now. you'll thank me later. 
rick: listen, jerry. i-i-i don't want to overstep my bounds or anything. it's your house. it's your world. you're a real julius caesar but i'll tell you something tell you how i feel about school, jerry. it's a waste of time. (jerry stares incredulously at him) buncha people running around, bumping into each other. g-guy up front says,"two plus two."the people in the back say,"four."then the then the bell rings, and they give you a carton of milk and a piece of paper that says you can go take a dump or something. i mean, it's not a place for smart people, jerry. and i know that's not a popular opinion, but it's my two cents on the issue. (wipes his mouth and gets up, stopping behind beth and putting a hand on her shoulder) this was a good breakfast, beth. you really made the crap out of those eggs. i wish your mother was here to eat them. (rick gives beth a kiss and walks away) 
rick: there you are, morty. listen to me. i got an errand to run in a whole different dimension. i need an extra pair of hands. 
rick: it's pretty obvious, morty. i froze him. now listen i need your help, morty. i mean, we got we got to get get the hell out of here and go take care of business. (burps) it's important. come on, morty. 
rick: do you have any concept of how much higher the stakes get out there, morty? what do you think i can just do it all by myself? come on! 
rick: i'll do it later, morty. he'll be fine. let's go. (takes off with morty and then summer comes by, seeing frank's frozen body) 
rick: there she is. all right. come on, morty. let's go. 
rick: it's dimension 35-c, and it's got the perfect climate conditions for a special type of tree, morty, called a mega tree, and there's fruit in those trees, and there's seeds in those fruits. i'm talking about mega seeds. they're they're incredibly powerful, and i need them to help me with my research, morty. 
rick: all right, all right, calm down. listen to me, morty. i know that new situations can be intimidating. you're looking around, and it's all scary and different, but, you know, m-meeting them head on, charging right into them like a bull that's how we grow as people. i'm no stranger to scary situations. i deal with them all the time. now, if you just stick with me, morty, we're gonna be (a gigantic alien monster suddenly appears behind them) 
rick: holy crap, morty run!!! (they take off, running in complete and total fear as the monster chases them) 
rick: i never seen that thing before in my life. i don't even know what the hell it is! we got to get out of here, morty! it's gonna kill us! we're gonna die! we're gonna die, morty! 
rick: (having apparently escaped, they are walking through dimension 35-c, continuing their adventure) oh, morty, take a deep breath. breathe that breathe that fresh air in, morty. y-you smell that? that's the smell of adventure, morty. that's that's the smell of-of-of-of a whole different evolutionary timeline. 
rick: are you joking me? i mean, look at all the crazy crap surrounding us. look at that thing right there. (a weird looking monster is seen cooing and rolling around on the ground) what the hell is that thing? you think you're gonna see that kind of thing at school? (offscreen) look at it just lumbering around. (onscreen) it defies all logic, that thing. 
rick: ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta. morty, you see this? (he and morty are looking down upon a vast forest of interdimensional trees) 
rick: you see what we just stumbled upon, morty? any idea what that is down there? 
rick: that's right, morty the mega trees with the mega fruit on them and that's what i'm talking about, morty. that's where my seeds are. if we would have done what you wanted, i would have never have found them, because you're so in love with school. 
rick: you ask a lot of questions, morty. not very charismatic. it makes you kind of an (burps) under- (burps) underfoot figure. (rick gives morty a pair of shoes and morty proceeds to put them on) 
rick: just take these shoes, morty. they're (burps) special grappling shoes. when you're wearing these things, these babies, you can basically just walk on any surface you want, morty up, down, below, turn around to the left. these things really bring it all together. 
rick: you have to turn them on, morty! the shoes have to be turned on! 
rick: (standing by morty, who is lying on the ground with his legs broken) morty, oh, you really d-did a number on (offscreen) your legs right now. you know, you got to turn (onscreen) the shoes on, morty, for them to work. yeah, look i turned mine on. i had no problem getting down here. it was a leisurely breeze. 
rick: yeah, i can see that. but do you think you'll still be able to help me collect my seeds, morty? 
rick: okay, hold on just a second, morty. (opens another portal and leaves morty behind, lying on the ground to suffer for a few seconds) 
rick: don't worry about it, morty. just come help me get these seeds, all right, buddy? 
rick: not that you asked, morty, but what just happened there is i went into a future dimension with such advanced medicine that they had broken-leg serum at every corner drugstore. (offscreen) the stuff was all over the place, morty. 
rick: there's just one problem, morty one little hang-up. the dimension i visited was so advanced, that (burps) they had also halted the aging process, and everyone there was young, morty, and they had been forever. i was the only old person there, morty. (burps) it was like i was some sort of, you know, celebrity, walking around. i-i was fascinating to them. there were a lot of attractive women there, morty, and they-they-they they all wanted time with me. i had a lot of fun with a lot of young ladies, but i spent so much time there, my interdimensional portal device it's got no charge left, morty. it's got no charge left. 
rick: it's as good as garbage, morty. it's not gonna work anymore, morty. 
rick: there's ways to get back home, morty. it's just it's just gonna be a little bit of a hassle. we're gonna have to go through interdimensional customs, so you're gonna have to do me a real solid. 
rick: when we get to customs, i'm gonna need you to take these seeds into the bathroom, and i'm gonna need you to put them way up inside your butthole, morty. 
rick: put them way up inside there, as far as they can fit. 
rick: well, somebody's got to do it, morty. th-these seeds aren't gonna get through customs unless they're in someone's rectum, morty 
rick: and they'll fall right out of mine. i've done this too many times, morty. i mean, you're young. y-y-you've got your whole life ahead of you, and your anal cavity is still taut, yet malleable. you got to do it for grandpa, morty. y- (burps) you've got to put these seeds inside your butt. 
rick: come on, morty. please, morty. you have to do it, morty. 
rick: (morty comes up to him, who is waiting in line to get through security) i don't like it here, morty. i can't abide bureaucracy. i don't like being told where to go and what to do. i consider it a violation. did you get those seeds all the way up your butt? 
rick: that means they're good ones. you're a good kid, morty. those mega seeds are super valuable to my work. you've been a huge help to me. i'm gonna be able to do a- 
rick: why does he have to go over there? 
rick: what new- (burps) what new machine? 
rick: run, morty! run! (grabs morty and they run through security and dart for the exit) 
rick: don't think about it! (he and morty are cornered but morty activates the grappling shoes and runs up the wall with rick) 
rick: ooh! oh, nice, morty! the student becomes the teacher. (the gromflomites reveal that they can fly and then rick and morty start running away) 
rick: i need to type in the coordinates to our home world, morty. cover me. (he tosses morty a gun) 
rick: they're just robots, morty! it's okay to shoot them! they're robots! (morty shoots a glenn, blowing his leg off, and making blood gush out as he drops down in pain) 
rick: it's a figure of speech, morty. they're bureaucrats. i don't respect them. just keep shooting, morty. you have no idea what prison is like here! (morty continues shooting the gromflomites and even kills some innocent bystanders while rick hacks into the portal to take them back home) 
rick: come on, morty! we got to get the hell out of here! (the portal opens up in the lunchroom at school and rick and morty land on the table where jessica and her friends are eating) 
rick: you can get his number later. come on, morty. we got to get out of here. you got to get those seeds out of your ass. (rick and morty are stopped by jerry, beth, and principal vagina) 
rick: oh, hi, jerry. oh, my goodness, morty! what are you doing out of class? we talked about this. your-your parents and i are very disappointed in-in this behavior... no? no takers? (rick and morty are back at home in the garage while jerry and beth start taking all his things and packing them up so he can move to the nursing home) 
rick: you guys should really not be touching that stuff. it's beyond your reasoning. 
rick: takes one to know one. 
rick: what what are you guys doing with my stuff? 
rick: a nursing home? what are what are you, nuts? i'm a genius. i build robots for fun. 
rick: what are you trying to say about morty? that he's stupid or something? 
rick: i-i-i don't know what you mean by that. can can can you be a little bit more specific? 
rick: morty, t-tell your parents the square root of pi. 
rick: the square root of pi, morty. go! 
rick: morty, tell your parents the first law of thermodynamics. 
rick: i told the both of you school is stupid. it's not how you learn things. morty's a gifted child. he has a special mind. that's why he's my little helper. he's like me. he's gonna be doing great science stuff later in his life. he's too smart for school. he needs to keep hanging out and helping me. 
rick: okay, jerry. you drive a hard bargain, but what am i supposed to do? say no? you-you really wear the pants around here. i just want you to know, between us, from now on, it's gonna be clear communication. (summer butts in, crying over the death of frank) 
rick: no idea what you're talking about. (summer leaves, crying) 
rick: full disclosure, morty it's not. temporary superintelligence is just a side effect of the mega seeds dissolving in your rectal cavity. 
rick: yeah, and once those seeds wear off, you're gonna lose most of your motor skills, and you're also gonna lose a significant amount of brain functionality for 72 hours, morty. 
rick: i'm sorry, morty. it's a bummer. in reality, you're as dumb as they come and i needed those seeds real bad, and i had to give them up just to get your parents off my back, so now we're gonna have to go get more adventures. (excitedly looks down upon him, telling him about their future adventures) and then we're gonna go on even more adventures after that, morty and you're gonna keep your mouth shut about it, morty, because the world is full of idiots that don't understand what's important, and they'll tear us apart, morty but if you stick with me, i'm gonna accomplish great things, morty, and you're gonna be part of them, and together, we're gonna run around, morty. we're gonna do all kinds of wonderful things, morty. just you and me, morty. the outside world is our enemy, morty. we're the only friends we've got, morty. it's just rick and morty. rick and morty and their adventures, morty. rick and morty forever and forever. morty's things. me and rick and morty running around, and rick and morty time. all day long, forever. all a hundred days. rick and morty forever 100 times. over and over, rickandmortyadventures. com. all 100 years. every minute, rickandmorty. com. 
rick: martin luther king jr.'s birthday. 
rick: it is. 
rick: oh, there's no need to do that, beth. regular pancakes are fine. 
rick: oh, i get it. regular pancakes are already shaped like flying saucers.[takes bite] mmm, i should be making you breakfast for putting up with me. 
rick 1: rick sanchez of earth dimension c-137. you are under arrest for crimes against alternate ricks by the authority of the transdimensional council of ricks. 
rick 1: neutralise the jerry. 
rick c-137: everybody relax. if i know these a-holes, and i am these a-holes, they just wanna haul me to their stupid clubhouse and waste my time with a bunch of questions. let s get it over with. 
rick 1: bring his mo-[belches]-orty. 
rick c-137: leave my[belches] morty out of this! 
rick 1: you lost the right to have a say in these things when you refused to join[belches] the council. 
rick c-137: will you at least unfreeze my daughter s idiot? 
rick c-137: the citadel of ricks. it s the secret headquarters for the council of ricks. 
rick c-137: as you know, morty, i ve got a lotta enemies in the universe that consider my genius a threat. galactic terrorists, a few sub-galactic dictators, most of the entire intergalactic government wh-wherever you find people with heads up their asses someone wants a piece of your grandpa. and a lot of versions of me on different timelines had the same problem. so a few thousand versions of me had the ingenious idea of banding together like a herd of cattle or a school of fish or those people who answer questions on yahoo answers. 
rick c-137: geez, you re easy to impress. yeah, most timelines have a rick and most ricks have a morty. this place is a real who s-who of who s you and me. 
rick salesman 1: turn your boring old morty into a hot fashion statement, with some morty dazzlers! 
rick salesman 2: hey, check this out! 
rick c-137: dumb. 
rick salseman 3: scuse me, sir, is your morty insured? you know, every year hundreds of mortys are injured in- 
rick c-137: back off! not my cup of tea, this place. 
rick c-137: i say the point of being a rick is being a rick. 
rick 1: save your anti-rick speech for the council of ricks, terror-rick! 
rick c-137: hey, save your rick rules for the[belches] sheep-ricks, rick-pig! 
rick 1: fuck me, pal. 
rick c-137: fuck you? no no no no no, fuck me! 
rick council 1: bring up the holograms! 
rick council 1: twenty-seven ricks brutally murdered in their own timelines. an unprecedented rick-icidal epidemic. what say you, earth rick c-137? 
rick c-137: you think i did this? why am i the first rick you pull in every time a rick stubs his toe? 
rick council 1: you[belches] have a history of non-cooperation with the council. 
rick c-137: yeah, so does the scientist formerly known as rick! wh-wh-wh-why isn t he here in handcuffs? 
rick council 1: because he s dead too! 
rick crowd: no! 
rick council 1: who else would you have us question? you fit the profile. of all the ricks in the central finite curve, you re the malcontent. the rogue. 
rick c-137: i m the rick. and so were the rest of you before you formed this stupid alliance. you wanted to be safe from the government so you became a stupid government. that makes every rick here less rick than me. 
rick crowd: (can you believe this guy? this guy needs to get out of here, etc. ad lib) 
rick c-137: yeah, murmur it up, d-bags. now if you ll excuse me, i ve got pancakes back home with syrup on top of them. they re about to hit that critical point of syrup absorption that turns the cakes into a gross paste. and i hate to get all andy rooney about it, but i think we all like fluffy discs of cake with syrup on top! and i think we also like to be accused of crimes when there s evidence! so as they say in canada, peace oot! 
rick council 1: evidence? good idea. scan his portal gun! 
rick c-137: oh, come on. don t look at another man s portal gun history. we-we all go to weird places. 
rick council 1: yes, but it appears you alone have been going to the exact timelines and locations in which the murders occured! 
rick c-137: what? that s rick-diculous. i m obviously being set up! 
rick council 1: earth rick c-137! the council of ricks sentences you to the machine of unspeakable doom, which swaps your conscious and unconscious minds, rendering your fantasies pointless while everything you know becomes impossible to grasp. also every ten seconds it stabs your balls. 
rick c-137: i ve heard enough. 
rick c-137: run, morty! 
rick: that ll keep em[belches] busy for a while. 
rick: course not, morty! how could that profit me? someone out there is killing ricks, and the council ain t gonna stop thinking it s me until we clear our names. 
rick: by finding the real rick killer. 
rick: not really my style, morty. besides, your home is most likely swarming with ricks right now. 
rick 1: alright, listen, jerry. if rick calls, this device is going to trace his location. you just gotta keep em on the phone for thirty seconds or longer. 
rick 1: oh yeah! mmm! oh, delicious! 
rick 2: beth,[belches] you re a treasure. 
rick 3: i have a beth just like you in my[belches] reality, except you know what? she s not as brilliant or[belches] attractive! 
rick phone: hey jerry, it s rick. 
rick phone: so listen, the heat s on and[belches] there s nowhere left to turn so morty and i are just going to fly my spaceship into a black hole. 
rick phone: is that cool with you, dog? 
rick 4: i got it! the call s coming from inside the house! 
rick: the ricks are probably gonna waste some time messing with jerry. they won t be able to help themselves. but as soon as they get bored they ll be on to us. 
rick: yeah, more phonesticks please. 
rick: yeah, it s gotta be that way. you re a camouflage. 
rick: ricks have a very distinct and traceable brainwave due to our genius. the best way to hide from an enemy s radar is to stand near someone with complementary brainwaves that make ours invisible. see, wh-wh-when a rick is with a morty, the genius waves get cancelled out by the uh,[clears throat] morty waves. 
rick: oh, shit dog! my portal gun was hacked remotely morty, obviously by the real killer to frame me. but i was able to trace the signal. come on, let s go! 
rick c-137: uh-oh! 
rick 1: scuse me, we ve tracked a pair of dangerous criminals to this exact location. they look exactly like us, so in order to avoid confusion i m going to mark us each with a red x right now. that way if someone has a gun and we both tell you to shoot the other one because they re the evil one, you ll know who s lying. 
rick 2: hey, check it out! 
rick 1: dammit! 
rick 1: the red x! red x! 
rick: hey, it s a good thing that space outlet had labcoats and your favourite kind of shirt in stock, huh morty? 
rick: man, this place is wayyy off the grid. this guy does not wanna be found. 
rick: morty, you re making a bigger deal out of this than it is. 
rick: not people, morty. mortys. 
rick: well, one morty s enough to hide from the bureaucrats. but you g-you get a whole matrix of mortys and put em in agonising pain. that creates a pattern that can hide even from other ricks, motherfucker. i fiddled with a[belches] concept like this once. 
rick: on paper, morty, on paper! i wouldn t do this, it s barbaric overkill. i mean, you could accomplish the same result with like five mortys and a jumper cable.[pauses as morty glares at him] which i also wouldn t do! i m just saying, it s bad craftsmanship. 
rick 1: hey, get a load of this! jerry s hanging out with doofus rick. 
rick 2: haha, this is perfect. 
rick 1: oh, is that the timeline where everybody eats poop? jerry, you know this guy eats poop, right? 
rick 1 and 2:[laughing] 
rick: hey, it s your choice to take it personally, morty. now for the love of god, be quiet! the point of this is to get the drop on the guy! 
rick: yeah, that s right! you are! you re a perfect impenetrable sheet of human armour, morty! because you re as dumb as i am smart! which is why when i say shut up it s really good advice. 
rick: great, nice work, morty. 
rick: urrgh. 
rick: the slow clap? really? kinda played out, dude. 
rick: well lah-dee-dah.[slow claps] 
rick: i don t like the look of that rick, morty. we gotta escape. 
rick: don t be rickdiculous, morty. 
rick: yeah, yeah, looks like payday at neverland ranch in here. zing! 
rick: that guy got it. 
rick: hey, i ll take it over mumford and sons. zip! 
rick: this guy is on it! 
rick: awww. 
rick: yeah, duh! 
rick: i get it. so you want me to team up with you to take down the council of ricks, right? is that where you re going with this? cause that s where i d be going. 
rick: no, i m just allergic to dipshits. 
rick: morty! get me out of this! come on! 
rick: point taken, but this is[belches] no time for arcs. 
rick 1: yeah, hello? 
rick c-137: hey, what do me and o. j. not have in common? 
rick 1: huh? wh-who is this? 
rick c-137: i found the real killer, biitch! get over here! 
rick 1: yo ding-dong! we re done here. time to go. 
rick: uh, guys? not a good time. come on, morty, let s hit it. 
rick: alright, morty, don t break an arm jerking yourself off. 
rick: hey morty, you want connection? go be part of some stupid club like all those dumb ricks. you know, maybe i don t connect because i m the rickest rick there is. and you know, it would[belch] go without saying that the rickest rick would have the mortyest morty. 
rick: yeah, it would. did you hear me say it? 
rick: just don t get too big for your loafers, buster brown. a cocky morty could lead to some big problems. could be a real bad thing for everybody. 
rick: i-i-i ll explain when you re older. 
rick 1: what a mess 
rick 2: pride cometh before the fall. i guess he got what he deserved. 
rick 1: what is that? 
rick 2: hand me the laser defibrillator. 
rick 2: no! go clean the toilets! maybe you ll make friends with some turds! 
rick 1: you make us ashamed to be ourselves! 
rick 1: my god! i ve seen this technology before! this rick was being controlled remotely, puppeteered by somebody else. this is the receiver! 
rick 2: yeah, but where s the transmitter? 
rick: wubbalubbadubdub! oh. hey jerry. wh-wh-what are you doing in my room, buddy? 
rick: alright. okay, get out. 
rick: what s that dipshit doing out there? are you friends with him? you know he eats his own shit, right? oh my god, this is rich! i ve got like[belches] ten ricks to call right now! 
rick: alright morty, you ready for our adventure to the lost city of atlantis? 
rick: oh, for fuck s sake. 
rick k-22: holding clipboard hello, i m rick k-22. this is my morty. (morty k-22 waves.) we re going from reality to reality asking ricks to contribute to the citadel of ricks redevelopment fund. 
rick: what are you, stupid? we re done with the citadel of ricks. i was burp never on board with it in the first place, that s why i murdered everyone in charge and left it to rot. 
rick k-22: examines clipboard ohhh. that was you. passes clipboard to his morty 
rick k-22: you wanna rein in your morty? 
rick: glaring every day. 
rick k-22: interrupts morty, he s not gonna belch donate. you re pitching the policeman s ball to a black teenager here. pulls out his portal gun and shoots a new portal let s go. 
rick: you don t have to be a dick. 
rick k-22: i think you know that s not true. 
rick: straps harpoon gun to his back well you can keep wondering that while we go on our fun, fresh, self-contained adventure to atlantis. shoots a portal anyone continuing to explore the citadel is either stupid or one of the unfortunate millions held hostage by their terrible ideas. 
rick voiceover: citadel morning news news about the citadel in the morning. pretty self explanatory. 
rick d716-b: good morning. i m rick d716-b. 
rick d716: and i m rick d7 
rick d716-b: must be nice. 
rick d716: coming up! gravity outages in east sanchez heights! 
rick d716-b: and, is your uranium-powered cellular matrix making you sick? the answer may not surprise you. it s yes, it s uranium. 
rick d716: those stories and more after this break. 
rick d716: just one day remains before our newly democratic citadel elects its first president. it s anyone s race among the rick candidates. 
rick d716-b: but a certain other candidate should be getting at least one vote for most adorable. 
rick d716 voiceover: that s right, the morty party candidate s still in the race, and you just gotta love him for that. 
rick d716 voiceover: here you see him in his little morty suit, waving. isn t that adorable? little jackass. 
rick d716-b voiceover: uh, yeah, i think we actually have the audio for his speech here. aw geez, aw man, i m gonna lose the election and stuff. 
rick guilt rick: gentlemen, gentlemen! i think we can all agree on one thing. farts twice well, came out as two things, but you get the idea. 
rick j-22: holy shit. 
rick j-22: to simple rick your life is a lie, man. to police all your lives are lies! don t you get it?! they told us we were special because we were ricks but they stripped us of anything that made us unique! 
rick j-22: burp i-i-i want a portal gun. unregistered, untraceable, with enough fluid to take me off this goddamn prison! 
rick d716-c: anyway, so yeah, the suspect says the citadel is a lie built on lies and some other shit. (now sharing the screen with rick d716 and rick d716-b.) i say, appreciate the life you have, because it can always be worse. back to you, ricks. 
rick d716: thank you, rick 716-c. mumbling to d716-b that fuckin guy. 
rick d716-b: tell me about it. 
rick d716: ahem. meanwhile in election news, an unexpected turn of events as morty from the morty party soars to the top of the polls. 
rick reporter on tv: taking on the system like this, are you afraid at all for your safety? 
rick: oh boy. time to go, morty. 
rick: the pentagon. i mean, not the pentagon. burp the lame one, here on earth. 
rick: morty and i are going to look into it. you guys hold tight. 
rick: stay back! this watch turns people into snakes! 
rick: my name is rick sanchez. this here s my grandson morty. (drinks from flask) 
rick: i ve seen enough of the galaxy to know that what we ve got here is a cromulon from the cygnus-5 expanse. so you can forget about nukes, and you can forget about math. (points to viewscreen showing floating head) this head won t go away until burp earth shows them it s got a hit song. 
rick: no, frasier. a live performance of a newly-written, catchy, original song. the cromulon feed on the talent and showmanship of less-evolved lifeforms. 
rick: you re gonna wanna put them on that giant speaker system at your sonic testing facility at area 51. 
rick: good luck, mr. president. 
rick: i dabble, mr. president. 
rick: who s not a musician, morty? 
rick: yeah, not with that attitude. 
rick and morty: whooooooooahhhh!!!! 
rick: (picks up a microphone) all right, morty, let s get ready to do it! why don t you, uh, find a button on one of those keyboards and lay down some kind of beat? 
rick: morty! good music comes from people who are relaxed. just hit a button, morty! gimme a beat! 
rick: ahhhhh yeahhhhh 
rick: take off your pants and your panties. shit on the floor. time to get schwifty in here i'm mr. bulldops
rick: take a shit on the floor 
rick: hey, take your pants off 
rick: i think planet earth has just been transported. 
rick: uhh, it s probably a bad time to mention it, but any astronauts you guys had in orbit are definitely dead. 
rick and ice-t: whoa ho ho ho ho! 
rick: geez, morty. the guy s just doing his job. take it easy. 
rick: genius happens in the moment, morty. (walks over to keyboard) 
rick: that s planning for failure, morty. even dumber than regular planning. (presses a button on the keyboard) balls. 
rick: morty, morty, stop! listen! there s only so much charge left in this thing. if we portal home from here and back, we re not gonna have enough charge left to get off-world. get it? 
rick: yeah, burp you see, i try to shelter you from certain realities, burp morty. cause if i let you make me nervous, then we can t get schwifty. 
rick: hey, morty! could you lick my (rick presses keys on the keyboard with the sample of him saying balls ) 
rick: wait, wait, wait! come on, h-hold on a second! 
rick: whoa, whoa! morty! give me that! 
rick: morty, just put it down. you don t know what you re doing. 
rick: nooooo! 
rick: ahhhh, sh ! 
rick: wh-what do you think, ice? probably a little over-developed. 
rick: well, do you think maybe, could you give me some help with it, or ? 
rick: ice, i don t want to be a negative nelly or anything, but burp if morty doesn t come back with my portal gun and i eat it out there, it s, uh, kind of your problem too. 
rick: what? why not? 
rick: what the f ? you can turn into ice? 
rick: take it from me, ice. burp you can t just burp float around space not caring about stuff forever. 
rick: ahem. (starts a low-key, bouncy song) uhhh lop-oo-lop-oo-lop-oo-dups, nop-oo-nop-oo-nop-oo-nuts. 
rick: nup-oo-nup-oo-nup-oo-nups ooh, tough crowd. 
rick: morty! 
rick: i say (grabs mic) let s do it! 
rick: all right! 
rick: come on, here we go! 
rick: say it with me! 
rick: trade secret, mr. president. particle beam in a wristwatch snake holster on the leg. 
rick: have fun, you two, 
rick: i know, c-can we wrap this up? morty and i have some synthetic laser eels oxidizing in the garage, 
rick: listen, you have my word as a caregiver, everything's gonna be fine, and if not, like you say, no more adventures or whatever, it's like that old song"blomp blomp-a noop noop a-noop noop noop,"y-you guys know that song? from tiny rogerts? you never heard of it? you know, the black effeminate guy from the'50s? no-nobody? a-all right, whatever, look, who cares? just go on your stupid trip, 
rick: uh, summer, you can't have a party, 
rick: because i'm having a party, b-i-i-i-itch! 
rick:"glip glop?"you're lucky a traflorkian doesn't hear you say that, 
rick: it's like the n-word and the c-word had a baby and it was raised by all the bad words for jews, 
rick: that's why you party? boy, you really are 17, 
rick: to get wr-wriggedy wriggedy wrecked, son! 
rick: yeah, and you keep your awesome friends away from my canapes, 
rick: birdperson! 
rick: oh, there's an emergency, all right, a[bleep] emergency! when's the last time you got laid,'pers? 
rick: then it's time to get your beak wet tonight, playah, go have some fun out there birdp--bird--birdperson, 
rick: uh... people? mm, six, yo! what up, my glip glops?! 
rick: uh-huh, yeah, no, no, to-totally, 
rick: morty! have you met gearhead? 
rick: morty here, he--he would love to hear all about the gear wars, 
rick: oh, hey, morty! h-have you--have you met my buddy scropon? 
rick: whoa, morty, this guy's entire planet was destroyed, have a little perspective, 
rick: aw! squanchy! 
rick: squanchy, you can squanch wherever you want, man, mi casa es su casa, dawg! 
rick: morty, listen--we've had a lot of really cool adventures over the last year, but it's time to relax, 
rick: jesus, morty, you're bumming me out, can't we just pretend like everything's fine for a few hours, enjoy ourselves, and then worry about all this later? 
rick: knock it off, slow mobius! 
rick: well, what are you doing standing here, morty? go, talk to her, tonight, the only adventure you're on is your cusping manhood, 
rick: whoa, not cool, summer, this is a party, everybody should be welcome, 
rick: oh, great, who invited abradolph lincoler? 
rick: it's not the same, summer, lincoler is a crazed maniac--just a misguided effort of mine to create a morally neutral superleader by combining the dna of adolf hitler and abraham lincoln, turns out it just adds up to a lame, weird loser, 
rick: don't look at me, dude, 
rick: kick his ass, brad! kick his ass! 
rick: i just did you a favor, morty, 
rick: huh, big star in the sky,[inhales sharply] oxygen-rich atmosphere, giant testicle monsters, we'll be fine! let's party! 
rick: oh, man, y-you hear that, morty? you really lucked out with summer o-on that one, 
rick: relax, morty, relax! it's gonna be fine, all we have to do is go out and find us some kalaxian crystals, 
rick: oh, shit, mother[bleep] kalaxian crystals, morty, just a few miles south of here, 
rick: whoa, whoa, whoa, morty, morty, i-i can't go with you, i got to hang back and make sure everything stays cool here, you know? i mean, who knows what--what if somebody breaks something? 
rick: oh, hey, morty, this is perfect! you can take lincoler with you, 
rick: shut up, lincoler, it's the least you can do for wrecking the living room, 
rick: all right! you did it, morty, 
rick: well, at least he didn't die in vain, he got these crystals,[sniffs] and these babies just saved this lame-ass party! wubba, lubba, dub, dub! play something, s-somebody, play something, 
rick:♪ put your right foot forward♪♪ and your left foot back♪♪ then slide around like on a nordictrack♪♪ move to the left♪♪ step to the right♪♪ wiggle your elbows, and look up into the light♪♪ it's the, it's the♪♪ it's the rick dance♪♪ it's the, it's the♪♪ it's the rick dance♪ 
rick: slow mobius, hit me with the clock beam![warbling]♪ it's the, it's the♪♪ it's the rick dance♪ 
rick: that's the rick dance! all right! whoa, man! 
rick: what? no, no, no, i can get us home whenever i want to, but, listen, speaking of those crystals, can i get the rest of them? i'm starting to come down, morty, crystal kalaxian is a really strong, but fleeting high, 
rick: oh, morty, you idiot! does anybody else have any more k-lax? b-birdperson? uh, squanchy? don't squaunch at me, 
rick: all right, all right, fine, morty, you party pooper buzzkill! boo, boo! morty sucks! 
rick: boo! morty, you're the worst, morty, 
rick: [mumbles] 
rick: huh? what? wait? what? what? stop, 
rick: uh, all--all right, all right, hold--hold on,[gulping] ahh! so good, 
rick: bring me the thing, 
rick: the thing, the thing, the--the--it's got, like, buttons on it and lights on it, it--it--it beeps, 
rick: summer for--for the win, all right, that should do it, 
rick: uh, s-see for yourself, 
rick: yeah, e-everything's frozen in time, yeah, and slow mobius thinks he's all that, 
rick: i don't know, how long do you guys want? a week? a month? 
rick: worst movie ever, 
rick: don't need to, i have a new catchphrase, 
rick: i love my grandkids, 
rick: psych! just kidding--my new catchphrase is,"i don't give a[bleep]"♪ just shake that ass, bitch, and let me see whatcha got♪♪ just shake that ass, bitch, and let me see whatcha got♪ roll credits!♪ just shake that a--♪ roll the credits! go!♪ just shake that ass♪ that's the end of season one! that's the end, mother[bleep]"i don't give a[bleep]"is my new catchphrase![bleep] you! that's season one! boom! season one up in your face, mother[bleep] yeah! 
rick: whatever, 
rick: well, scientifically, traditions are an idiot thing, 
rick: pass the butter, thank you, 
rick: i'm busy, 
rick: uh, anything else, robot what is my purpose? 
rick: you pass butter, 
rick: yeah, welcome to the club, pal, 
rick: since when you have a job? 
rick: meow, can't wait to meet this fascinating character, 
rick: huh, 
rick: eh, i make my own stuff, so, what are you--like, the devil? 
rick: i don't know, store comes out of nowhere, all the shit's old and creepy, are you the devil? a demon? leprechaun? 
rick: hey, i'm not judging, just like shoot straight, i'm a man of science, 
rick:[laughs] 
rick:[laughs louder] 
rick:[laughs louder] 
rick: hey, morty, let me--let me--let me ask you a question real quick, does evil exist, and if so,-can one detect and measure it? 
rick: rhetorical question, morty, the answer's"yes, you just have to be a genius,"cute, your sister's boss gave me a microscope that would have made me retarded, 
rick: morty, i'm not disparaging the differently abled, i'm stating the fact that if i had used this microscope, it would have made me mentally retarded, 
rick: well, that's retarded, 
rick: apparently, nothing, 
rick: it's not, 
rick: stay scientific, jerry, 
rick: this serum should counteract the negative effects, 
rick: here, you can have this back, 
rick: sure i did--to develop this, it detects and catalogs all your"twilight zone,"ray bradbury,"friday the 13th"the series voodoo crap magic, i thought you might want it so you didn't accidentally sell anybody, say, a typewriter that generates best-selling murder mysteries and then makes the murders happen in real life? ooh, 
rick: don't you want to make sure people know what they're getting? you're not intentionally selling, beauty cream that makes ugly ladies pretty but also makes them blind? 
rick: oh, i say, good sir, oh, harrumph, oh, oh 
rick: you know it's gonna be wearing you in three hours? 
rick: here, you can use my phone, don't worry, it won't make you deaf because i'm not a hack, you think you're[bleep] so great, you stupid piece of[bleep] shit, 
rick: you work for the devil, 
rick: whoops, 
rick: have you acquired creepy specific old stuff from a mysterious antique or thrift store that gives you powers but[bleep] with you in unforeseeable ways? bring it to"curse purge plus,"i use science to un-curse the items for cash, and you get to keep the powers, this guy got mysterious sneakers to make him run faster, but guess what? he would have had to run until he died, making them worthless, i removed the curse, making them worth, like, i don't know, 8 million, see you at the olympics, this eerily intelligent doll was threatening to murder its family, now it does their taxes, everything's deductible, don't pay for cool stuff with your soul, pay for it with money, you know, like how every other store in the world works? we're located at first and main in old town, come on--come on down,"first and",[babbles]"needful things,"where you can get evil items for free! 
rick: looks like we've got, haunted boxing gloves that will make you the heavyweight champion in 1936, and then you'll be trapped there, winning the same fight for eternity, i can take out the"eternity"and the padding, and then you'll have some time-traveling mittens, oh, look, it's rosemary's baby, how's business? 
rick: sounds like code for"you win, rick," 
rick: nope, it was important to your dumb devil friend, to me, this was all just a bit, like when bugs bunny[bleep] with the opera singer for 20 minutes, 
rick: seriously? holy crap, holy crap, 
rick: uh-huh, yeah, i don't care, 
rick: so? 
rick: i always do, 
rick: yeah, it is good, it's the best, 
rick: later, 
rick: yeah, uh... give me a sec, 
rick: all right, yeah, put--put them on my, eh, i just got bored, everybody out, 
rick: hey, morty, you want to go on a, oh, hey, beth, hello? hey, jerry, you in here being stupid? 
rick: thanks, hey, you know, i was thinking, you know, i might watch a movie, 
rick: suit yourself,[burps][hums] hey, hey, w-w-what's going on? 
rick: whatever, 
rick: how's your pretend grandpa doing, aka"the devil"? 
rick: oof, sorry, 
rick: not sure, 
rick: no, that's dumb, 
rick: i'll tell you what, though, if--if--if it's satisfaction you're after, i think i might have an idea, 
rick: stupid mother[bleep] 
rick: stupid mother[bleep] how do you like that? how do you like that? 
rick: we did it, 
rick: it was totally worth it, we did it, we just pulled it off, 
rick: don't be morty, there are pros and cons to every reality, fun facts about this one; it's got giant telepathic spiders, eleven 9 11's, aaaand the best ice cream in the multiverse! 
rick: we're gonna go get some ice-cream motherfuckers! 
rick: quantum carburettor? jesus morty; you can't just add a sci fi word to a car word and hope it means something. huh, it looks like something's wrong with the microverse battery-we're going to have to go inside. 
rick: the battery morty. be right back summer; stay put, don't touch any buttons, and ignore all random thoughts that feel--spider-y. 
rick: you'll be fine. ship, keep summer safe. 
rick: morty, remember eight seconds ago when-burp-when you said'go inside what'and i said'the battery'and then we showed up here 
rick: uh, w-why don't you get it, jerry? you're the man of the house, and you don't have a job, 
rick: it's a courier flap, it's like the intergalactic version of ups but less off-putting, oh, shiiit! it looks like an egg-vite from birdperson, must be time for his annual oscar party, and, by the way, our tv signals take light years to reach his planet, nobody tell him that"braveheart"wins, 
rick: blugh! 
rick: uh, l-let's not get carried away, morty, 
rick: no, weddings are basically funerals with cake, if i wanted to watch someone throw their life away,[burps] i'd hang out with jerry all day, 
rick: what do you know about friendship, jerry? 
rick: i assume planet squanch--6, 000 light years across the galaxy, 
rick: yeah, i know, now we have to go to the wedding, 
rick: hey, what's up, squanchy? summer and morty hey, squanchy, 
rick: beth, squanchy culture is more contextual than literal, you just say what's in your squanch and people understand, 
rick: yeah, i just hope you got a pre-meld, 
rick: what?! it's just a practical way of making sure that when she's done with you, you can get one of your balls back, 
rick: ohh, i-i was happy on the flight, i'm grumpy from the landing, 
rick: birdperson's big day, morty, was at blood ridge on glapflap's third moon against the gromflamites! this? this is a losing battle, 
rick: good one, morty, excuse me, bartender, can you make me a dumb grandson pep talk? it's one part lame advice about stuff you know nothing about and a lot of vodka, 
rick: then i'll take one of those, i don't need the rest, 
rick:[burping] 
rick: uh, hi, everybody, i'm ri[burps] ck, you know, when i first met birdperson, he was, uhh... listen, i'm not the nicest guy in the universe because i'm the smartest, and being nice is something stupid people do to hedge their bets, now, i haven't been exactly subtle about how little i trust marriage, i couldn't make it work, and i could turn a black hole into a sun, so at a certain point, you got to ask yourself what are the odds this is legit and not just some big lie we're all telling ourselves because we're afraid to die alone? because, you know, that's exactly how we all die--alone, 
rick: but--but... here's the thing, birdperson is my best friend, and if he loves tammy, well, then i love tammy, too, 
rick: to friendship, to love, and to my greatest adventure yet--opening myself up to others, 
rick: oh, shit, 
rick: birdperson!! no!! 
rick:[sighs, roars] 
rick: come on, this way! 
rick: that's a confetti gun, you[bleep] idiot! 
rick: hold on tight! 
rick: god damn it! god damn it!! what the hell happened back there?! this is on you guys, i told you weddings are stupid, 
rick: all the important points seem pretty clear, no? they think they control the galaxy, i disagree, don't hate the player, hate the game, son, 
rick: oh! oh, should i have been more open and trusting and loving like, oh, i don't know, my now dead best friend? or your daughter, who is bffs with an intergalactic narc? 
rick: and now we know why, 
rick: [bleep] you, summer, and [bleep] the government, and [bleep] me for letting my guard down, which i will never do again, 
rick: i just did, morty, here's dessert, [bleep] you, 
rick: yeah, about going home, we can't--ever, 
rick: oh, these guys are looking for us now, earth will be swarming with them, 
rick: look, anyone that wants to go back to earth is free to go back to earth, but here's what's gonna happen, aliens bureaucrats are gonna arrest you, they're gonna put the intergalactic equivalent of[burps] jumper cables under your nuts and or labia and hook them up to an alien car battery until you tell them where i am--which i guarantee you, you're not gonna know, which i guarantee they won't believe, so who's homesick? by applause, 
rick: ladies? anybody? 
rick: take it easy, this is a blessing in disguise,[bleep] earth, you realize our planet's name means dirt, right? we'll find a new world, computer, how many planets in the milky way are at least 90 similar to earth? 
rick: how many of those are outside federal jurisdiction? 
rick: see? our cup runneth over, now, who wants to go shopping for a brand-new mother[bleep] world?! all right! look at this baby! would you even know that wasn't earth? 
rick: pssh, white-people problems, morty, let's go down and check her out, 
rick: oh, i thought it was further away, i uh... i guess this one's a little small, all right, uh, maybe--maybe we should go check out the other two, huh? okay, this one's bigger, 
rick: oh, my god, get in the ship, sweetie, what? get in the god[bleep] ship!! everything's on a cob!! the whole planet's on a cob!! go, go, go!! 
rick:[burps] all right, third time's the charm, see what we got here, 
rick: no, it's nice, i think this might be it, 
rick: uh, computer, how long are the days on this planet? 
rick: all right, well, those are the two choices,'cause cob planet is off the table, now let's take a vote, 
rick: good morning, family, oh, do i smell bacon? 
rick: well, i thought i'd walk to the south pole and do a little bit of exploring, if you guys need me, just yell or throw something so hard that it goes around the world and hits me, 
rick: south pole discovered, baby! ohhhh! oh[bleep] an ice cave?[bleep] things just keep on getting better, wow, it's the planet's core, 
rick: hey, uh... i was gonna hope over to the gloppydrop system, get some ice cream, 
rick: i'll be okay, bye, morty, 
rick: yeah, i am, to get ice cream, 
rick: morty, if you go to where there's a bunch of ice cream and then you don't come back, you haven't actually gotten ice cream, you've just gone where ice cream is, 
rick: where's the van, morty? 
rick: uh, hi, my name is jerry smith, i'm from planet earth, i know the whereabouts of rick sanchez, the wanted criminal, 
rick: yeah, he kidnapped me and my family, and he left us on dwarf terrace-9, he said he was gonna go to the plimplom tavern, and listen, 
rick: i'm doing what's right for the galaxy by calling you, so if we come back to earth, can my family have a normal life? 
rick: everything, 
rick: don't worry about jerry, he's gonna be fine, you hear me, jerry? you're gonna be fine, 
rick: ooh, watch out for that stuff, it'll stain if it gets on your clothes, and it'll send you into a murderous rage if it gets in your eyes and mouth, 
rick: i know this isn't the time, but, you know, technically, the second freezer drawer is mine, 
rick: you're overreacting! 
rick: all right, fine, but you're not touching my crisper, 
rick: what? every hospital claims to have the best doctor in the ga-[belches]-laxy, it's like those pizza places that claim to have the best pizza in the world, what do you think, they have pizza contests? have you ever been to a pizza contest? 
rick: fine! excuse me, coming through, what are you here for? just kidding, i don't care, well, this won't do, 
rick: a sequel, 
rick: yeah, me, neither, we pretty much nailed it the first time, 
rick: you got to be careful, morty, if that guy catches you with a box of his eyeholes, he comes bursting in through a window and just starts kicking the shit out of you, but it's worth the risk, they melt in your mouth, morty, they're delicious, 
rick: well, you're 39 years too late, or, you know, however old he is, is he--is he 50? jesus christ, beth, is--is jerry 50? 
rick:[laughs] hey, w-what's wrong, morty? oh, you're worried about your dad, huh? huh? 
rick: morty, uh, let's see what else is on, huh? okay, 
rick: oh, my god, morty, how did she get there? 
rick: just stay away from the coffee machine, 
rick: oh, man, i'm trying to remember, morty, 
rick: nope, 
rick: whoa! that's jan michaels, 
rick: all right, morty! you've done it, 
rick: yay! called it! 
rick: i don't know, morty, see what else is on, huh? 
rick: oh, my god, and his name's pichael, 
rick: oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, 
rick: oh, summer, you have no idea how much money that must save production, 
rick: i always wondered how, uh, plumbuses got made, 
rick: geez, morty, i take it cathrine hefflefinger hasn't texted you back yet, 
rick: it's cool, it's fine, it's got to be from an alternate reality, right? 
rick: i don't know, 
rick: all right, guys, let's go home, 
rick: that part of the cupboard is mine, jerry! 
rick: listen to your sister, morty. to live is to risk it all. otherwise, you're just an inert chunk of randomly assembled molecules drifting wherever the universe blows you. oh, i'm sorry, jerry, i didn't see you there. h-how much of that did you hear? 
rick: cool. just stay in the driveway. the killbots are live, and i took you off the whitelist. 
rick: absolutely, morty. a-and your mom's lawyer says if i can get enough in the settlement, he can help me sue for full custody. 
rick: i did not, but if you're really that alienated, i'm as willing to exploit it as the next guy, church, army, or olympic gymnastics trainer. 
rick: bitch, i was ready yest-- 
rick: morty, shoot the mohawk guy! 
rick: high fade, chartreuse with cyan highlights, layered on top. shoot him! 
rick: fuck! get in the game, morty! 
rick: holy shit, summer for the win! 
rick: here we go. 
rick: isotope 322. 
rick: this stuff's so powerful, morty, it makes isotope 465 look like isotope 3
rick: ugh. you have infinite sisters, morty. i mean, n-not that i want to spend the rest of my day looking for another one. sum-sum, let's go! grandpa's concern for your safety is fleeting! 
rick: whoa. that was cool. 
rick: okay, getting darker. 
rick: aw, come on. 
rick: hands and little shoulder-mounted dudes where i can see them! 
rick: wh-wh-what in the hell are you saying? 
rick: all right, let's get sloppy. oh, whoa. uh, uh, what's, uh-what's that little bauble you got back there? 
rick: kids, weird pitch let's have this be our new life. let's be post-apocalyptic scavengers! 
rick: sounds good. stay hydrated. 
rick: oh, get off your high horse, professor ski lodge. this world may be rough around the edges, but it's got its charms. 
rick: uh...[clears throat] bicep. 
rick: no. okay, i'll level with you. 
rick: you see that green rock, morty? it's about 20 pounds of the stuff i was getting all hard for a flake of. 
rick: well, having a 20-pound boulder of it is better than having a flake. i can explain the math to you later, but-- 
rick: huh, could be therapeutic for her. she has been acting pretty crazy lately, morty. i mean, her parents are going through a divorce. 
rick: no, no, no. morty, there's too much heat on the bogey. i need you to distract the camp. 
rick: right idea, wrong genre, morty. the equivalent here would be... 
rick: hey, you guys ever use that thunderdome, or do you just put it up for decoration?
rick: save it for the semantics dome, e. b. white. 
rick: the important question is, who wants to take a poke at my man spine eater here? 
rick: i guess i'll see your asses in that dome!
rick: morty, relax. you're gonna be a ringer. come here. 
rick: ugh! hey! 
rick: okay, this is exciting. we're making some discoveries about muscle memory. 
rick: just stick and moo-[burps]-oove, morty! wear him out! 
rick: all right. good job, champ. um, can i talk to you kids for a second over yonder? 
rick: oh, big guy, no. nobody's leaving. don't be stupid. we love being united. we love the radiation, the trichinosis. we're in it for life, which i assume is around 20 years, average. i just need a quick aside with my grandkids, about 40 yards from anyone else. 
rick: uh, i know why don't we all split up and look for it in groups of three? kids? 
rick: kiss my ass, summer! your friends have no mercy! 
rick: listen to me! both of you kids need to get out of this environment so we can properly deal with your parents'divorce! alternatively, i have a freaking portal gun, and i can leave the two of you here forever! 
rick: all right, you know what? fuck it! 
rick: nope, regular blood. 
rick: hi, sweetie. 
rick: oh, th-they aren't with you? i thought they were with you. oh, y-you know what? uh, i just remembered. they're out doing something completely ordinary and kid-related. don't panic. 
rick: not a mistake, no! 
rick: summer, state your deal. 
rick: morty? 
rick: all right. 
rick: ah ha ha ha, yeah. dial it back, summer. by 15 and increase dynamic movement by 3. am i right? 
rick: oh, sweetie, d-don't. listen. don't-- 
rick: well, try crying 15 less? 
rick: you do?! what the fuck is wrong with you two? the point of automation is to reduce cost and labor. 
rick: tell it to my bread in the morning. you just became my backup toaster. 
rick: sorry, sorry. i-i-i can wait for this to wrap up. don't let me distract you. 
rick: i want you and your sister to come home. 
rick: you don't have to kick me while i'm down, morty. look, there's no replacing either of you without an amount of work that would ultimately defeat the purpose. 
rick: i don't know if that applies to the throats of murder victims, morty. 
rick: well, the longer you wait, morty, the more it's gonna feel like committing a whole murder. i think your arm just called it too early because it wasn't the arm of a paramedic. here. 
rick: the reason i wanted this is because it can do this. 
rick: you don't have to ask me twice. home is nuts right now. my daughter's going through a divorce, and i am not dealing with it in a healthy way at all. 
rick: ah, summer's home. 
rick: uh, we should go to the garage. 
rick: come on, morty. no union built on running from your problems lasts more than five years, seven tops. grandpa just sped things up with a few creature comforts of modern society. 
rick: oh, no. sum-sum, no. but you two were perfect for each other. 
rick: coolsies. 
rick: hey, yo. sorry for acting so weird for three weeks. 
rick: ah, i'm sure it was nothing. i'm gonna go, uh, work in the garage. 
rick: what, that dice game where you shake dice and yell out,"downbeat"? no, thank you. 
rick: t-t-t-this is just sloppy craftsmanship. 
rick: oh, yes, morty. it's almost unbelievable, isn't it? 
rick: oh, sure, buddy. yeah. sure. b-brilliant. very convincing. 
rick: oh! responsive, too! in real time! i love it! 
rick: oh, what's with mom? so, you're saying that she's acting weird? how soph burp isticated. careful, guys. you're gonna burn out the cpu with this one. 
rick: whatever, quote-unquote morty. 
rick: spying from outside interesting 
rick: kicks open the door morty, u-uh, come on. there's a family emergency. 
rick: he doesn't care. 
rick: take a shower with me, morty. 
rick: listen to me, morty. get your clothes off and get in the shower right now. strips y-y-y-you got to trust me, morty. 
rick: morty, that's not class. t-t-t-that wasn't your teacher. this isn't your school. this entire world is not the world. we're inside a huge simulation chamber on an alien spaceship. 
rick: it s all fake burps morty, all of it. nanobotic renderings, a bunch of crazy, fake nonsense, morty. i couldn't say so until we got in the shower. they won't monitor us in here. 
rick: zigerion scammers, morty. the galaxy's most ambitious, least successful con artists. you know, it's lucky for us they're also really uncomfortable with nudity. 
rick: i can t let you do that, morty. 
rick: no! you give it to me! 
rick: morty, come on! morty! 
rick: uhp, uhp, uhp! morty, keep your hands off your ding-dong! it's the only way we can speak freely. look around you, morty. do you really think this world is real? you'd have to be an idiot not to notice all the sloppy details. look, that guy's putting a bun between two hot dogs. 
rick: well, look at that old lady. she's, she's walking a cat on a leash. 
rick: look, i-i-i don't wanna hear about mrs. spencer, morty! she's an idiot! alright, alright, there. w-what about that, morty? 
rick: oh, really, morty? are you sure you haven't seen that somewhere in real life before? 
rick: you're missing the point, morty. why would he drive a smaller toaster with wheels? i mean, does your car look like a smaller version of your house? no. 
rick: well, that would be obvious to you, morty, if you'd been paying attention. 
rick: yeah, it's a special fuel i invented to travel through space faster than anybody else. these zigerions are always trying to scam me out of my secrets, but they made a big mistake this time, morty. they dragged you into this. now they're gonna pay! 
rick: we'll scam the scammers, morty. and we're gonna take them for everything they've got. 
rick: morty, relax. it's just a bunch of 1s and 0s out there. you're gonna be fine. (lowers morty s pants slightly and puts a hat on him.) just follow my lead. (rick and morty fist bump.) yo, deejay, drop that beat. 
rick: uh-oh, morty. this crowd looks too small for one of our famous rap concerts. i don't think we can perform our new song,"the recipe for concentrated dark matter,"for a crowd this tiny. 
rick: now that s more like it! morty, here we go. let me hear everybody say"hey-oh!"yeah! (crowd cheers.) all the ladies say,"yeah!" (ladies cheer.) everybody over thirty, do this with your hands! everybody with a red shirt, jump up and down! (people start glitching.) 
rick: yo, everyone whose first name begins with an"l"who isn't hispanic, walk in a circle the same number of times as the square root of your age times ten! (simulation freezes. rick and morty jump offstage.) run, morty! before the system reboots! 
rick: out of the simulation, morty. normally, the chamber operates like a treadmill, with the virtual world disappearing behind us and being rendered in front of us as we move through it, but while it's frozen, morty, we can get to the edge. here we go. jumps off the edge 
rick: come on, morty. 
rick: keep your eyes peeled for the central processing room, morty. that's how we're gonna scam these idiots. 
rick: it's an obsession for them at this point. the zigerions have been trying to outsmart me for years, morty. every time they do, i'm one step ahead of them. finds central processing room aha! here we go. starts collecting chips grab as many processors as you can carry, morty. these guys aren't good at much, but they're really good at making these chips. 
rick: don't worry about it, morty. there's plenty of them, you little goofball. (both laugh and toss chips at each other playfully.) come here, morty! oh, i gotcha! 
rick: nothing wrong with just a little bit of horseplay every now and then, little fella. 
rick: totes malotes, dawg. 
rick: believe it, morty. and once again, i'm flying away with everything i can carry, and the zigerions got nothing of mine. 
rick: get in, morty. i'm gonna be able to use these processors to make some real important science stuff. (keypad beeps.) huh. i thought i entered the code right. (keypad beeps.) 
rick: uhh 
rick: uh, yeah, until i get home before you and change the combination, you bunch of idiots! 
rick: run morty! 
rick: jerry?! 
rick: what are you doing here? w-why are you dressed like a waiter? screw it. we don't have time. come on. starts dragging jerry with them 
rick: man up, jerry! i may need you to work the lasers. 
rick: i guess they really do have concentrated dark matter. 
rick: yeah. yeah, yeah, yeah. uh, check the engine room. we just need cesium, plutonic quarks, and bottled water. 
rick: wow, morty. lucky break. grab that bucket. okay, two parts plutonic quarks, one part cesium. 
rick: now empty the water bottle into the bucket and pour it all into the fuel tank so we can get the hell out of here! what are you doing, morty?! there's no time! 
rick: oh, no. 
rick: no! 
rick: you simulated my grandson's genitalia?! y-y-you bunch of diabolical sons of bitches! 
rick: all right. okay. all right, great. wonderful. you win. can we go home now? 
rick: hey, jerry, don't worry about it. so what if the most meaningful day of your life was a simulation operating at minimum capacity? 
rick: maybe you're right, jerry. maybe you're right. 
rick: why don't you ask the smartest people in the universe, jerry? oh, yeah. you can't. they blew up. 
rick: hey, morty. 
rick: hey, little buddy. h-h-how you doing in here right now? 
rick: y-y-you're a good kid, morty. y-you're a real l-little c-character, morty. 
rick: you know, i had a really rocky road today, m-morty. you're my little friend, aren't you? we had some good times together, huh, m-morty? we you're a real true hero out in the field. you're a... you're a real trouper, huh, m-m-morty? 
rick: i really appreciate you, morty. 
rick: suddenly aggressive, holds a knife to morty s throat you little son of a bitch! y-y-are you a simulation?! huh?! are you a simulation?! 
rick: you little son of a bitch! 
rick: i-i-i m sorry, morty. y-you're a good you're a good kid, morty. 
rick: y-you're a good you're a good kid. passes out 
rick: snores 
rick: who cares about the belch thing you guys are talking about? the whole point of freezing time is to stop giving a fuck. put a shirt on your dumb dad and let's get this dumb universe rolling. let's do this thing. 
rick: alright, listen, you two, we froze time for a pretty long time, so when i unfreeze it, the world's time is gonna be fine, but our time's gonna need a little time to, you know, stabilize. 
rick: it means relax and stop being a pussy, morty. i thought you learned that by now. it also means don't touch your parents or we could shatter into countless theoretical shards. 
rick: and away we go! 
rick: shhh, morty! 
rick: negative visualization, jerry. it explains a lot about where you're at. hi, sweety. 
rick: yeah it would literally destroy them. now listen, why do why do why why don't you guys go get a free sunday ice cream, (rick puts a rubber band around a rolled up wad of cash) go out there and get some ice creams. here's five hundred dollars cash in unmarked moneys. i'm just gonna put it on the floor and uh, kick it on over to ya. you guys go nuts. 
rick: uh oh. 
rick: yup, it really makes you appreciate how fickle the universe can be. (rick opens refrigerator)[transition to inside refrigerator] one minute you're falling off a roof for six months, the next minute, bam! 
rick: actually, sorry summer, i gotta back the m bomb on this one. i remember the conversation. we told morty to replace all the bank's money with cookies, your job was to put the mattress under mr. benson. 
rick: whoa whoa wh-what the hell hell hell hell hell? 
rick: belch were either of you guys uncertain about anything just now? 
rick: huh, what do you know, it's working 
rick: oh shit. 
rick 2: what's that? you got something to say? 
rick 1: and away we go! 
rick 2: and away we go! 
rick 2: follicle unfeeling sociopath. don't you get it? he thinks he can save his own skin by using the crystal to kill me. he probably figures it's easier to eliminate one of the possibilities rather than merge them. i have to admit, it's always in the back of my mind too. the difference is i would never do it! until now... 
rick 1: don't you get it? don't you get it? the other rick isn't trying to merge us anymore. he thinks he can save his own skin by using the crystal to kill me. he probably figures it's easier to eliminate one of the possibilities rather than merge them. i have to admit, it's always in the back of my mind too. the difference is i would never do it! until now... 
rick 2: you see that? get down. 
rick 1: i told you he's a psycho! 
rick 2: he's lost it. the time fracture must have made him crazy! 
rick 1: i don't know what to do! i don't know what to do! 
rick 1 2 and 3: uh, we did... 
rick 4: we're not wearing collars. 
rick 1 2 and 3: belch what? 
rick 4: alright, fine. summer, morty, put'em on. 
rick: yes, we're back, problem solved. 
rick: how long exactly do we have to wear these things? they're really embarassing. 
rick: i would have been happy to pay for it, summer, but they don't exactly sell them at costco. besides, there's a larger lesson to be learned here. get him! 
rick: what if i told you there's a huge ticket up right behind you? 
rick: alright, hear me out on this. you're immortal, right, which means your life is infinite. well in that case there's 100 chance that you'll eventually do everything, including turning around to look behind you. 
rick: ah, god, gross and weird! 
rick: summer, morty, take off your collars! 
rick: good question. i suppose the answer is i'm not certain! 
rick 1: i have no idea! 
rick 2: i'm not sure. 
rick 23: time is falling apart, we've got to get back to certainty, quick! give me your collars! 
rick 23: morty, i have to fix three of them, and then there's thirty-one other versions of me that have to also fix three for a total of 96. i'm not an idiot. i know how to be decisive, now hand me that (phillips flathead) screwdriver. actually, make it a (phillips flathead). 
rick 30: what's goin'on? 
ricks: obviously because someone doesn't know how to put his collar on and one of me is stuck trying to help him. 
rick 30: what are you talking about, it's not broken, morty, i fixed it, just put it on! 
rick 30: fine, bring it here. 
ricks: oh, really, morty? well i'm sorry, i'm not the one that's so fucking uncertain about everything! 
ricks: you're never gonna see anything again you little dummy! you killed us! 
rick 30: goddammit! 
rick 30: morty where's your collar i'll fix it 
ricks: what the hell? what have you done to me, morty? 
rick 30: i'm okay with this. be good morty. be better than me. bullsh t the other collar! i'm not okay with this! i am not okay with this! oh, sweet jesus please let me live. oh, my god i i've gotta fix this thing, please god in heaven, please, god, oh lord, hear my prayers. yes! fuck you god! not today, bitch. 
ricks: please, god, if there's a hell, please be merciful to me. 
rick 30: yes i did it! there is no god! in your face. one dot, motherfuckers! 
rick: you know what i'm talking about, oh yeah. i'm gonna do the cabbage patch, morty. check me out i'm doing the cabbage patch dance. it's a classic dance, remember, like this. oh shit look at that. 
rick: yeah. 
rick: shut up, morty. the last time you felt something, we all almost died. you little s piece of shit. 
rick: no it doesn't. it hurts. 
rick:"i should get her pregnant, and then she'll have to marry me," 
rick: sorry, please proceed with your story about banging my daughter in high school, i'm not sure you want to take romantic advice from this guy, morty, his marriage is hanging from a thread, 
rick: jerry, it's your house--whatever you say it is is how it is--but i think a blind man could see that beth is looking for the door, i barely have a reason to care, and even i noticed, 
rick: listen, morty, i hate to break it to you, but what people call"love"is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed, it hits hard, morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage, i did it, your parents are gonna do it, break the cycle, morty, rise above, focus on science,[slurps] 
rick: morty, hand me that screwdriver, huh? i'm almost finished making my ionic defibulizer, morty, it's gonna be great, 
rick: morty, that's such a poor use of my time, it's beneath me, hand me the screwdriver, 
rick:[groans] you're growing up fast, morty, you're growing into a real big thorn straight up into my ass, listen, this is called oxytocin, i extracted it from a vole, do you know what a vole is, morty? you know what a vole is? it's a--it's a rodent that mates for life, morty, this is the chemical released in a mammal's brain, you know, that makes it fall in love, all right, morty, i just got to combine it with some of your dna, 
rick: a hair, morty, i need one of your hairs, this isn't"game of thrones," 
rick: all right, morty, whoever you smear this stuff on will fall in love with you, and only you, forever, are you happy now, morty? 
rick: w-w-w-what am i, a hack? go nuts, morty, it's foolproof, eh, unless she has the flu, 
rick: well, summer, there's always the possibility that she made the whole work thing up, maybe davin's digging around in her insides, 
rick: well, she's my daughter, summer, i outrank you, or family means nothing, in which case don't play that card, 
rick: not for the men they cheat on, no, 
rick: i'm sorry, summer, your opinion means very little to me, how come you're not at this stupid dance everyone loves so much? 
rick: it is? 
rick: uh-oh, 
rick: morty, come on! we got to get you out of here, you're not gonna believe this because it usually never happens, but i made a mistake,[both panting] come on, morty, we got to get out of here, come on, 
rick: i didn't realize when i gave you that serum that jessica had the flu--you know, t-t-t-t-t-t-t-that might have been valuable information for me, morty, 
rick: what does it look like? t-t-t-the serum is piggybacking on the virus, it's gone airborne, morty, 
rick: it's gonna be fine, morty, relax, i whipped up and antidote, it's based on praying-mantis dna, you know, praying mantises are the exact opposite of voles, morty, i mean, they--they mate once, and then they, you know, decapitate the partner, i mean, it's a whole ritual, it's really gruesome and totally opposite, there's no love at all, i-i-i basically mixed this with a more contagious flu virus, it should neutralize the whole thing, morty, it'll all be over very shortly, 
rick: uh, by the way, morty, i know you didn't ask or anything, but i'm not interested in having sex with you, these serums, they don't work on anybody related to you genetically, 
rick: okay, well, sometimes, science is more art than science, morty, a lot of people don't get that, 
rick: yeah, it's pretty wild how fast that spread, i've really outdone myself, 
rick: yeah, i don't know what i was thinking, mantises are they opposite of voles? i mean, obviously, dna's a little more complicated than that, you know what, though, morty? this right here's gonna do the trick, baby, it's koala mixed with rattlesnake, chimpanzee, cactus, shark, golden retriever, and just a smidge of dinosaur, should add up to normal humanity, 
rick: take a good look down there, morty, and soak it in, because, you know, once i pull this lever, it's all back to normal, 
rick: well, technically, morty, there's no rush, i mean, you know, o-once it's fixed, it's done, it's fixed, you know, we could--we could just enjoy it for a little bit, i mean, l-l-l-look at how crazy it is, i mean, morty, w-w-when's the next time you're gonna see something like this? i mean, soak it in, you know? it's--it's pretty neat, it's pretty interesting, 
rick: w-what do we have here, morty? looks like i was right and you were wrong, huh? i-i-i-i-i-i-i bet you feel pretty stupid right about now, huh? i-i-i bet you feel like the world's smallest man that you were doubting me about this whole thing, morty, 
rick: bet you're loving this, morty, this must be the best day of your life, you get to be the mayor of i told you town,[slurps] you're welcome,[slurps] 
rick: boy, morty, i really cronenberged the world up, didn't i? we got a whole planet of cronenbergs walking around down there, morty, a-at least they're not in love with you anymore, though, that's a huge step in the right direction, 
rick: me irresponsible?! you--all i wanted you to do was hand me a screwdriver, morty! you're the one who wanted to be--wanted me to buckle down and make you up a... roofie-juice serum so you could roofie that poor girl at your school, i mean, g--w-w-w-w-w--w--are you kidding me, morty? you're gonna try to take the high road on this one? y-y-y-y-you're a little creep, morty, y-you're a--you're--you're--you're just a little creepy... creep person, 
rick: all right, all right, morty, you know, w-w-w-we are in a pretty deep hole, here, but i do have one emergency solution that i can use that'll kind of put everything back to normal, relatively speaking, here, morty, put this on while i do a little bit of scouting, 
rick: come on, morty, luck had nothing to do with it, i'm great, that's the real reason, now, morty, what do you say, buddy? will you hand me a screwdriver so i can finish my ionic dis--defibulizer? 
rick: all right, morty, thank you very much, we got one screw turn... and two screw turns... and... all right, morty, here we are, 
rick: calm down, morty! look at me! calm down, morty! 
rick: calm yourself, morty, 
rick: morty, calm down, morty, 
rick: you got to calm down, morty, 
rick: shut up and listen to me! it's fine, everything is fine, there's an infinite number of realities, morty, and in a few dozen of those, i got lucky and turned everything back to normal, i just had to find one of those realities in which we also happen to both die around this time, now we can just slip into the place of our dead selves in this reality and everything will be fine, we're not skipping a beat, morty,-now, help me with these bodies, 
rick: look, morty, i'll grab myself, you grab yourself, okay? i mean, t-t-t-that seems fair to me--i mean, that seems like a fair way to divvy it up, 
rick: what about the reality where hitler cured cancer, morty? the answer is don't think about it, it's not like we can do this every week, anyways, we get three or four more of these, tops, now, pick up your dead self and come on, haste makes waste, i-i-i don't suppose you've considered this detail, but obviously, if i hadn't screwed up as much as i did, we'd be these guys right now, so, again, you're welcome, 
rick: eh. jesus. jesus christ. therapists, man.
rick: man, i missed having hands and blood and a stomach. we should get a drink.
rick: yeah, let's drop the kids off and go tie one on. 
rick: yeah, either one. either one. 
rick: you'll never get away with this, concerto. 
rick: this is it, morty. we're goners. we're not getting out of this one. after everything we've been through, this is how we're gonna die. make peace with your god.
rick: jaguar! 
rick: that, morty, is why you don't go to therapy. 
rick: well, if it's any consolation, summer, none of it mattered and the entire show was stupid, 
rick: thought you'd never ask, 
rick: how about showtime extreme in a world where man evolved from corn? 
rick: summer you just spent three months watching a man chose a fake wife, 
rick: jerry, you don't get it, this is infinite tv from infinite universes, look, 
rick: a movie about a guy eating shit, a violent antique show, 
rick: i agree, where is this going? 
rick: really? all right, fine, 
rick: all right, jerry, when you're right, you're right, now i'm hooked, 
rick: amazing--a dimension where all proper nouns begin with"shmla," 
rick: all right, that actually got old pretty quick, 
rick: infinity's a big number, jerry, i don't remember the channel, 
rick: geez, actor jerry you speak the true-true, 
rick: infinite timelines, infinite possibilities, including a timeline where jerry's a movie star, look, you guys are getting excited about the wrong aspect to this device, wha--look at this, 
rick: now, who wants to watch random, crazy tv shows from different dimensions, and--and then who wants to narcissistically obsess about their alternate selves? 
rick:[sighs] here, these scan your retinas and let you view parallel timelines through genetically matching versions of your eyes, go fetch, 
rick: i'm proud of you morty 
rick: yeah, it's got an almost improvisational tone, 
rick: hey, do we have any wafer cookies? mmm! oh, boy, looks like you guys have been checking out alternate lives and realizing you don't have it as good, huh? that's too bad, you know, me and morty are having a blast, we just discovered a show called"ball fondlers,"i mean, i don't want to rub it in or anything, but you guys clearly backed the wrong conceptual horse, 
rick: i'm in heaven right now, 
rick: interesting fun fact--moynihan and a piece of toast hate each other, apparently, they've got some real creative differences, 
rick: relax, morty, don't--don't worry about it, let's just see where this goes, 
rick: huh, he's making himself a sandwich now, 
rick: oh, my god, it's still the commercial, 
rick: hey, isn't gazorpazorp where--where those sex robots came from? remember that whole thing? 
rick: yeah, let's watch some more gazorpazorpfield, 
rick: no, morty, it's lorenzo music, in this reality, he's still alive, 
rick: yeah, i'm pretty sure, he also did the voice of that one guy from"ghostbusters,"which is really strange because it's the same character bill murray played in the movie, but then, when they made the movie, bill murray did the voice of gazorpazorp--or garfield, i mean, 
rick: i don't know, just making conversation with you, morty, what, you think i'm a--i'm--i know everything about everything? 
rick: well, you know, morty i mean, you want to sell boxes of cereal, you got to pump the gas a little, pedal to the metal, morty, 
rick: sex sells, morty, 
rick: speaking of what, morty what should we watch next? what about this? detective babylegs, you're a good detective, but not good enough, because of your baby legs, so i'm partnering you up with regular legs, 
rick: pretty cool, huh, morty? 
rick: i don't give a[bleep] what you think, jerry, 
rick: oh, hey, morty, you just missed a preview for your dad's"citizen kane," 
rick: come on, are you kidding me, jerry? it's just a bunch of dumb tabloid crap, 
rick: wh--what are you asking me for, jerry? i'm sitting here trying to figure out why the cops don't just take you out, i mean they got a clear shot to your head, i can't believe our tax dollars pay for this, 
rick: hey, "ball fondlers"? huh, "ball fondlers"? 
rick: yes, sweetie, that's where the live, 
rick: look, i don't know, i'm watching the same thing you guys are, 
rick: i don't know, summer, i can't even hear the tv, all right, that's it, we're just gonna go there so you idiots can ask your stupid questions all day, 
rick: learning to fly this thing, morty, it's gonna be really liberating. y-y-you re gonna be free to go on all kinds of errands for me. 
rick: points out the window see that planet right there? don t fly too close to that planet. someone ll come out and try to wash your windshield. (rick s phone rings.) hold on. picks up yup. yeah, i have it. where do you wanna meet? alright, cool. hangs up alright morty, lesson s over. we got some business to attend to a few lightminutes south of here. 
rick: startled whoa! jesus, jerry, what the hell are you doing here?! 
rick: i guess i remember that. rubs forehead wow. and you ve just been back there this whole time? amazing. well we don t have time to take him to earth, morty. head for 3124-9 
rick: yep. 
rick: nope. (an asteroid-like mass materializes before them.) this is. you can park in a handicapped spot, morty. anything with less than eight limbs is considered disabled here. 
rick: you kidding? i wish i had this idea. well i did have this idea, but i wish i was the version of me that owned it. that guy s rich. 
rick: checks off stowaway and annoying me trust me morty, i ve heard stories from other ricks. jerrys don t tend to last five minutes off of earth. this is a totally unregistered cross-temporal asteroid. here they can romp and play with other jerrys. it couldn t be safer. 
rick: hey morty, hang onto this. that number s your dad. if you lose it, we re not gonna be able to get him back. 
rick: okay, wait here. 
rick: don t come with. it s boring, it s burps business stuff. 
rick: right, like nothing shady ever happened in a fully furnished office? you ever hear about wall street morty? y-you know what those guys do in th in their fancy board rooms? they take their balls, and they dip em in cocaine, and they wipe em all over each other. you know, grandpa goes around, and he does his business in public because grandpa isn t shady. 
rick: ah, crap. rolls down window hey, what s up? 
rick: can can we please ? this is my grandson, morty. 
rick: ugh. passes krombopulos michael a case containing the antimatter gun here, now go away. 
rick: y-y-y-you re gonna give him your card?! 
rick: ugh you ve got what the intergalactic call a very planetary mindset, morty. it s more complicated out here! these are flurbos. do you understand what two humans can accomplish with three thousand of these? 
rick: an entire afternoon at blips and chiiiitz! 
rick: aw, this place is the best. it s got beer, games, prizes, and you can never tell what time it is. 
rick: yeah, sure, if you spend all day shuffling words around you can make anything sound bad, morty. puts a helmet on morty s head here, check this out. 
rick: fifty-five years. not bad, morty. you kinda wasted your thirties though with that whole birdwatching phase. 
rick: morty. you were just playing a game. it s called roy. snap out of it, come on. hands him his tickets 
rick: lookit this. you beat cancer and then you went back to work at the carpet store? boo. 
rick: it s also the same as doing nothing. if krombopulos michael wants someone dead, there s not a lot anybody can do to stop him. that s why he does it for a living? now if you ll excuse me, it s time to thrash your roy score. puts on the helmet 
rick: uh-huh, yeah, that s the difference between you and me, morty. i never go back to the carpet store. 
rick: what are you doing morty?! this is a galactic federation outpost! look, i don t have time to tell you my entire backstory, but grandpa and government don t get along! 
rick: what? 
rick: oh, good job, morty. y-y-y-you killed my best customer but you saved a mind-reading fart! 
rick: morty, don t do it. (morty walks toward the lever.) morty (morty glances at rick before pulling the lever. alarms start to sound as fart escapes his cell.) morty, you idiot! 
rick: we can t get him outta here. he s gaseous. he s not gonna make it through a portal, morty. 
rick: morty, come on, i-i wanna go back to blips and chitz. i don t wanna deal with this! 
rick: screw this. i m out. 
rick: stupid-ass fart-saving carpet-store motherfucker! shoves morty out of the driver s seat and takes the wheel move! 
rick: wait, did you fuck with my seat settings? 
rick: yeah, yeah. (he crashes the car into the gromflomites before flying away from the outpost.) 
rick: that s cause my grandson drives like a male obavradian. yeah, i said it. some stereotypes are based in fact. 
rick: interrupts him so i ve heard. just fix it. to morty i don t think the gromflomites can track us now, but it looks like we re gonna be here for awhile. lowers voice or, ya know, if you still have that gun k. michael dropped, we can finish the job and go home. 
rick: i m being polite. 
rick: yeah, where s that? are you going on a quest to find he who smelt it? 
rick: oh great, just a hop, skip, and an 800 lightyear jump! 
rick: walks away, muttering whatever you wanna do you little punk-ass little bitch 
rick: holding a golf club shut the fuck up about moonmen! this isn t a musical number. this is a fucking operation, we gotta be cool and fucking lay low! 
rick: son of a approaches fart why were the gromflomites holding you prisoner? what the fuck is so valuable about you? 
rick: picks up the gold ah, terrific. the fart that pooped gold. no wonder every cop in the system is lookin for us! pockets gold any species that gets a hold of this thing is gonna use it to take over the galaxy. do you know how inconvenient that s gonna be to my work? 
rick: somebody dropped the dime on us. gearhead turns around 
rick: number one is me, asshole! you re supposed to be my friend! 
rick: two things i wanna make clear to everybody in this room. never betray me, and it s time to go. 
rick: hey morty, remember when you said selling a gun was as bad as pulling the trigger? how do you feel about all these people getting killed because of your choices? 
rick: tell that to gearhead s gearsticles. 
rick: wrong! i d be playin roy right now. at a certain point, my hands are tied, morty. 
rick: morty, take the wheel! 
rick: whoa! 
rick: geez, dammit, morty! who taught you to fly this thing?! laughs haha, i m kidding, i know that s on me. 
rick: shit. well, i guess this is it. 
rick: damn. can t blame that on the dog. talk about silent but deadly. i-i ve seen some nerve gas but ga-th-this gas got some nerve! haha, you know what i m sayin ? 
rick: i ll let you know, morty. gone with the wind, am i right? if you don t like that one, morty, an alt on that one could be, like if i said gasablanca! alright, i m done. (morty starts driving.) let s get to the promethean nebula, so my grandson can finish savin a life! 
rick: fine. morty, take your fart to his hole and say your goodbyes. i m gonna find some fuel and take a biiiig fat morty. (morty gets out of the car.) that s my new word for shit because of today s events. 
rick: so did you guys make out a little bit? is he gonna send you a postcard? (morty wordlessly enters the car.) man, that guy hit the lottery when he crossed paths with you. 
rick: morty, i know i picked on your core beliefs and decision making a lot today, but i am glad you insisted on gettin that fart home. you know, at least all the death and destruction wasn t for nothin , you know? notices morty s detached, almost anguished expression you miss your fart friend, huh? well i ve got a little surprise for you, buddy. while you were gone i found another wormhole with millions of beings just like him on the other side and they re all coming to visit. 
rick: too late, morty. the hole s opening. 
rick: th-there s a lot more where that came from too. 
rick: hey. taps another rick s arm hey bro. how many people was your roy responsible for killing today? 
rick: glares at morty must be nice hey, morty, there s our jerry. 
rick: glad you re safe jerry. what do you say we go home? 
rick: uh, i m not sure. morty. 
rick: way to go, morty. eh, whatever. 
ricks: alright, come on, jerry. 
rick: it s the coolest place in the world! hahahaha, i g-i get to be in a commercial! 
rick: offscreen ho ho ho, everybody. 
rick: calm down jerry, this is ruben, an old friend. 
rick: i check in on him once a year and give him a little burp medical burp evaluation. 
rick: don t worry about your c-c-christmas, jerry. leads ruben away ruben and i ll be in my workshop while you have another day in phil collins proverbial paradise. 
rick: hi joyce, leonard. looks at jacob hello there. 
rick: morty! a moment of your time? 
rick: he s in bad shape, morty. 
rick: gee, thanks morty. what kind of monster do you think i am? i-i m sittin here trying to save the guy s life! (rick straps a pack with a tube onto morty s back and puts an earpiece on his head.) i want you to find dr. xenon bloom. he ll know what s goin on. 
rick: in ruben. shoves a glass oxygen mask onto morty s head 
rick: ruben on the table, morty! hooks up the backpack to the helmet look, i-i don t have time for you to wrap your little walnut around everything. pulls a shrink ray into view and plugs it in hold your breath until the process is over or your lungs will collapse. 
rick: he s busy. 
rick through morty s earpiece: morty, can you hear me? head north! 
rick: adjusts his own headset as he stands in the garage depending on my aim, you should be just south of the entrance. 
rick: welcome, morty. (the scene cuts back to morty s view from inside ruben.) welcome (morty gasps.) to anatomy park! 
rick: it s a little business venture i ve been cookin up on the side with dr. bloom. (morty enters the park.) an amusement park inside a human body. science isn t cheap, morty. this should really help put a dent in the overhead. 
rick: you got a problem with that last one, morty? 
rick: okay, alright, if i sounded a little defensive, it s because pirates of the pancreas was my baby. 
rick: i-i got a lot of push-back when i pitched it, morty. i guess i m still a little defensive. let s just find dr. bloom, alright? i-i m picking up a distress signal in the liver, morty. 
rick: proceed to the liver. 
rick: liver s under maintenance. ruben s seen some rough years, morty. don t judge. you don t agree to have a theme park built inside you if your life s going great. 
rick: no no, morty. the only monster here is alco belch holism. (the wolf is mechanically pulled back into the wall.) that is an animatronic werewolf. 
rick: hey bloom, it s rick. what the hell s goin on here? 
rick: watch it. 
rick: just take a deep breath, ruben. 
rick: oh, great work, morty. pulls a massive syringe form his lab coat i ll just cure it, and then 
rick: okay. well i can t cure death. this is bad, morty. you re trapped in a dead man. listen, if the situation keeps darkening, do yourself a favor 
rick: and hop by pirates of the pancreas. obviously i m biased, but, i think it s great, morty. 
rick: sitting in a lounge chair, pulls out a flask it s a bunch of pirates runnin around a-a-a-pancreas. we don t whitewash it either, morty. the pirates are really rapey. the top priority is to get you guys out of there, but i m just saying, if that becomes impossible 
rick: please, you gotta treat yourself. 
rick through speaker: oh. oh, morty. strike one. 
rick through speaker: morty, you wanna put it on mute or something? (annie and morty both look at morty s helmet, startled.) 
rick: i m trying to concentrate. 
rick: holds up a hand without even looking over at him not now, jerry. i ve got much, much smaller fish to fry. 
rick: relative that s it! relative size! jerry, hand me a scalpel and a bundle of dynamite! into his headset morty! can you get to the left nipple? 
rick through speaker: morty, i m talkin about ruben s left nipple! 
rick: i m almost there, morty! 
rick: where s dr. bloom? 
rick: goddamn it, morty, i ask you to do one thing! 
rick: too bad about dr. bloom. rick, annie, and morty exit the car he was a genius. the only man capable of creating a new anatomy park. 
rick: what about pirates of the pancreas ? 
rick: booyah! hold your breath! 
rick: yeah, so i heard. you dodged a bullet, morty, trust me. whispers puffy vagina. 
rick: c mon. let s get some stuffing, i m starving. 
rick: oh, unbelievable. we got a bunch of robot computer people sittin around with their faces stuffed in computer screens. (no one acknowledges him.) do you realize christ was born today? jesus christ our savior was born today! a-a-a-are you people even human? what kind of christmas is this? 
rick: loud and clear, annie. 
rick: hey everybody. 
rick: yeah, talk to me. 
rick: those guys are inside you building a piece of shit, ethan! they re inside you building a monument to compromise! fuck. fuck those people. fuck this whole thing, ethan. 
rick: yeah morty 
rick: it's my favourite song 
rick: oh yeah, distress beacon![belches] yeah baby! 
rick: the first rule of space travel kids, is always check out distress beacons; nine out of ten times its a ship full of dead aliens and a bunch of free shit! 
rick: one out of ten times its a deadly trap, but i'm ready to roll those dice! 
rick: yeah. cha-ching. oh yeah, if you find a room full of eggs, don't shy away from it, give one of them a shake. those facehuggers are worth more than this ship. 
rick: this will make the cops write it up as a looting by the korblocks. 
rick: i hear you man, cops are racist. 
rick: oh, hey! you're alive! thank god. 
rick: and how do you know it didn't get on the ship with you? those two ding-dongs seem pretty calm about the whole thing. 
rick: called it. 
rick: unity!? 
rick: oh boy. uh, these are my grandkids, summer and morty. summer, morty, this is uh, unity. we sort of used to, uh, date. 
rick: quite an operation you got going here une. you're a whole planet now huh? 
rick: summer, rude. why don't you kids run off and play with unity while unity and i do some catching up. 
rick: world peace achieved. nice! a little weird to publish a paper about it for yourself, but hey. so what s next? 
rick: oh, goody. 
rick:[burps] i like that. oh, that s pretty sexy. hey listen, where can i get a drink around here? 
rick: unity, unity, who am i talking to? i watched you assimilate a whole police station just to get your hands on the evidence locker. 
rick: hey, listen, i ve grown too. i have! see, i ve-i ve reconnected with my family, right? 
rick: maybe it s part of getting old. maybe i just miss being with a collective. 
rick: oh yeah! 
rick: wait, wait, stop! h-hold it! not like this. we need a hang glider. and a crotchless uncle sam costume. and i want the entire field of your largest stadium covered end to end with naked redheads! and i want the stands packed with every man that remotely resembles my father! 
rick: oh yeah! i want youuuuuu! 
rick: oh my god. oh my god.[drinks water] 
rick: what s this was stuff? i just need to hydrate and then we re doing that again! 
rick: listen, if this is an invasion i gotta sit this one out, but i ll-i ll be back to have sex with the survivors. 
rick: all bad i hope.[laughing] 
rick: whoa, jesus christ! 
rick: oh snap! powdered neutronium? amphetetron? you know what i can make with this stuff? 
rick: come on, it s not every day that i m in town! it-it s for old time s sake. 
rick: oh, i was thinking velocitinis, but 
rick: i can do whatever you do and more, baby. 
rick: you know, i think beta-7 over there is hoping your alliance can be more than practical. 
rick: you got that right. but baby, listen. y-you re talking about taking over planets and galaxies, you gotta you gotta just remember to let go sometimes, you know. 
rick: whoa! 
rick: whoa! that s not what i meant! 
rick:[laughing] oh, that was awesome! my grandkids weren t in that town, right? a-are my grandkids alive? h-hey, my drink is empty. 
rick: what the hell is your problem? 
rick: fine, geez! 
rick: see ya! 
rick: tend your garden, kids, i m kinda doing a thing here. 
rick: oh my god[belches] you guys i get it. you re afraid the big bad hivemind is gonna steal your grandpa away. 
rick: what? 
rick: oh, gee, boy summer, well put. uh, why don t we see what unity thinks. unity? 
rick: oh, hey, wh-what s this on the news, guys? l-l-let me turn it up. 
rick: i think you two are a little outnumbered. 
rick: what? dumb. bye. 
rick: summer s just a hyper-emotional, needy little-what s the word i m looking for here uh-human! it runs in the family! i can tolerate it but i can t give a crap about it. take a hike. 
rick: i m not looking for judgement, just a yes or no. can you assimilate a giraffe? 
rick: aaah![coughs] okay, okay, now make him cry. but happy cry. now make em all make fun of the blonde one. now make em all do it on the table! i can t believe you created a whole show for me. now cancel it! okay, now put it back on. haha![pauses] alright, i m bored. 
rick: pfft, screw those guys! uugh, i ll be right back. don t waste your brain on those weirdos, unity. they re no different from any other aimless chumps that you occupy. they just put you at the centre of their lives because you re powerful and then because they put you there they want you to be less powerful. never gonna happen though, right? 
rick: never! back in a flash. 
rick: best weekend ever, rick! i agree, rick! let s see how long we can go! 
rick: hey une! you got any more- 
rick: hey. 
rick: okay. 
rick: no. it s your house. 
rick: who? oh. unity. yeah, well, i mean honestly we re talking about an entity that thrives on enslavement, you know. it s not cool. fun s fun but who needs it? i ll be in the garage. 
rick: unity! unity! unity! 
rick: i wanna talk to[belches] unity. beta-7, i know it s in there! 
rick: i know your game, beta-7, i ve met a billion of you, you little on-deck in-the-wind shoulder to cry on! 
rick: well, you re just loving this, mother f-this isn t gonna shape out like you think, pal! unity s not into other hiveminds! it s gonna suck you in and use you up and a month from now i m going to be making out with all of you in a bunch of red wigs! unity! unity! unity, i know you can hear me! get out here! 
rick: oh, in your dreams you have weapons systems. 
rick: we are, morty. alright, beta-shit-7, you just got saved by the bell, bitch! 
rick: "they're no different from any of the aimless chumps that you occupy, they just put you at the center of their lives because your powerful then because they put you there they want you to be less powerful. never gonna happen tho right." 
rick: i agree, morty, [belches] it's nice to get back to the basics after a pretty intense, mixed-bag of a year, 
rick: relax, that's what windshields are for, 
rick: i didn't know that there were bugs out in space, 
rick: yeah, guess i'm out of fluid, l-let me find a place to stop, hey, muchacho, does your planet have wiper fluid yet, or are you gonna freak out and start worshipping us? 
rick: thanks, 
rick: yeah, sure thing, wait a minute, what? why? 
rick: oh, i know what this is! you've been able to sustain world peace because you have one night a year where you all run around robbing and murdering each other without consequence, 
rick: it's like"the purge,"morty, that movie"the purge"? 
rick: no, no, but i've been to a few planets with the same gimmick, you know, sometimes it's called the cleansing or the red time, there was this one world that called it just murder night, i-it's a purge planet, they're peaceful, and then, you know, they just purge, 
rick: yeah, you want to check it out? 
rick: so, what do you do during the festival? you lock yourself in, or you go out and do some stuff? 
rick: oh, i bet you do, old timer,[laughs] 
rick: all right, well, w-what do i owe you for the wiper fluid? 
rick: oh, no way, that's really nice of you, 
rick: ohh, i don't doubt it, 
rick: yeah, yeah, hey, have a good festival, old timer, 
rick: just a second, morty, oh, look at that sunset, 
rick: there we go, much better, now we can see, 
rick: hey, you know what, morty? why don't we christen our squeaky-clean windshield here by watching a little of this purge through it? 
rick: morty, grow up, if you don't want to watch, don't watch, but, you know, it's my car,[belches] also, if you tell your mom about this,-i'll purge you, 
rick: so, what, y-y-you trying to sit here and tell me that[belches] i-if--if there's a video online with someone getting decapitated,-you don't click on it? 
rick: i don't, because it would bore me, i see[bleep] like that for breakfast, morty, but if you don't do it, i say it's because you're afraid of your own primal instincts, so you stuff them down and-- 
rick: oh, oh! shh, shh, it's starting,-oh-ho-ho! here we go, 
rick: yeah, yeah, yeah, your medal's in the mail,-i'm gonna get a closer look, morty oh, okay, sure, and then someone's gonna throw a rock and hit the car and then we're gonna crash and we're gonna be stuck down there and it's gonna be what we deserve, 
rick: yawn, whoa! 
rick: whoa, they are purging the[bleep] out of each other, 
rick: oh, my god! oh[bleep] that was--okay, yeah, t-that was gross, wow, man, i think my eyes were bigger than my stomach on this one, morty, ugh, my appetite for purge-spectating got filled pretty quick, oh, god,[grunts][retching] 
rick: all right, morty, l-let's get out of here, 
rick:[belching] what? why? that poor girl, w-we have to save her, uh, morty, in space, we have something we call the non-interference policy, we got the wiper fluid, we watched them kill each other, we're leaving, 
rick: you little turd, 
rick: yeah? 
rick: oh, morty, how can i refuse after all you've done to blackmail me? 
rick: yes, 
rick: geez, you working on your tight five for the comedy store, morty? 
rick:[blowing raspberries] 
rick: huh? 
rick: you just now remembered your nana exists, 
rick: haven't you been through like 15 purges? i mean, some as a child? 
rick: fine, whatever, morty, stay, oh, god, oh, crap, oh, crap! 
rick: morty! aah![bleep] amish bitch shot me![grunts] she tried to purge me, morty, you let your wiener do the walking, and now i'm dead, 
rick: you[bleep] kidding me, morty?! she took my car and the gun, we're like the rest of these assholes now, w-w-we're gonna get purged, morty, help me up, 
rick: it's in the car, dip-ass,[grunts] oh, god, it hurts, she got me right in the goddamn liver, morty, it's the hardest-working liver in the galaxy, morty, and now it has a hole in it, i hope it was worth it, 
rick: yeah, well, that's not really the theme of tonight's party, heads up, rapists, well, don't just stand there, morty,-purge'em, 
rick: no, me, should i rub my liver hole on them? pick up a stick or something and kill them, 
rick: oh, my god,[grunts] 
rick: there's more where that came from! you want to get purged, you bring it! drop[belches] drop your shit! drop it all, morty, go get their shit, hurry up, i only had one of those things i threw, i'm holding a box of tic tacs right now, 
rick: hey, summer, it's grandpa, i need you to do me a favor, 
rick: morty and i are on a planet that's purging, i need you to take down-- 
rick: we're on a planet that's purging, summer, purging, we lost our car and my gun, and we're in a purge, 
rick: yes, i-i need you to take-- 
rick: oh, my god, hold on, 
rick: aah! 
rick: yes, jerry, it's taddi, a person no one's ever heard of until now, calling you on a space phone, 
rick: reload, fast, 
rick: are you writing this down? will you please write this down? summer yes, yes, 
rick: you son of a bitch! morty, i don't want to be the"a little help"guy, but a little help? 
rick: a spoon, morty? a spoon?! 
rick: there's a pile of silverware next to you, and you throw me the one thing that can never kill anything? 
rick: summer, on the shelf above my workbench in the garage, there's a red box with a keypad on it, you're gonna take that box outside, and you're gonna type the number i just gave you into the keypad, got it? 
rick: morty, if i can get to the top of that lighthouse, i can send the beacon, and your sister can launch our package, just remember, if there's people in there and they try to purge us, we got to purge them first, 
rick: morty, if we're gonna survive tonight, you're gonna need to harness your repressed rage, 
rick: spoken like a person with repressed rage, 
rick: no such agenda, chief, 
rick: by the way, life on other planets exists, don't let it distract you, 
rick: okay, 
rick: come on, summer, how hard is it to type some numbers into a box? 
rick: oh, thank god, well, i did my job, summer did her job, now all morty has to do is finish listening to that tale, 
rick: what? 
rick: morty! 
rick: whoa! morty! we're guests here, 
rick: whoa, morty, you just purged, 
rick: okay, time to go, 
rick: it's okay, morty, it's the purge, you know? pushing old lighthouse keepers down the stairs is totally cool, 
rick: well, you better start getting used to it, little bitch, because we got some[bleep] company, hey, there he is, 
rick: morty, time to[belches] purge, 
rick: geez, wow, morty, now you're getting into it, never expected that out of you, all right, uh, let's go find my ship, hey, hey, morty, morty, there it is down there--my ship, it looks to me like the, morty? 
rick: ooh, boy, you're really, uh... 
rick: you're really going for it over there, huh? i, uh [belches] i think, uh [belches] i think those people were just hiding, 
rick: okay, morty, now you're just shooting corpses, 
rick: okay, buddy, all right, that's good, good job, 
rick: time to go home, 
rick: w-w-what do you mean? 
rick: whoa! geez, morty, purge it down a little, 
rick: morty [belches] you're acting like a[belches] freaking lunatic, calm down, 
rick: okay, s-sorry about that, now, where are these rich people? 
rick: here's the deal, i'm not here to judge, i'm just a guy from another planet, but this girl is one of your poor people, and i guess you guys felt like it was okay to subject her to inhuman conditions because there was no chance of it ever hurting you, it's sort of the socio-political equivalent of, say, a suit of power armor around you, but now things are evened out, so, arthrisha? 
rick: geez, 
rick: no, i really--honestly, i-i've had my fill, it's gratuitous at this point, 
rick: yeah, but--ah, all right, [bleep] it, 
rick: okay, now it's time we do a little dancing to--to tony! toni! toné! 
rick: look at my [bleep] feet, mother [bleep] 
rick: arthrisha, what do you got? 
rick: [belches] oh, ho! 
rick: "feels good" it's a [bleep] hit song, 
rick: topped the charts, i think, ho, ho! 
rick: yeah, yeah, yeah, [bleep] you for shooting my liver, i'll see you around, 
rick: well, a helpful rule might be if you need something, you get it, pretty simple, right? 
rick: who's got food for that guy? 
rick: all right, okay, fair is fair, if you do extra work, you get extra food, 
rick: don't worry about it, morty, remember those candy bars earlier that we got in the first act? 
rick: turns out they have a chemical in them called purgenol that amplifies all your violent tendencies, 
rick: yep, don't even sweat, you're still the same old morty, your character's totally protected, and there's the approach
rick: well i don't like your unemployed genes in my grandchildren, jerry. but life is made of little concessions. 
rick: who the fuck are you? 
rick: everybody just relax for a second. there's no such thing as an"uncle steve". that is an alien parasite. 
rick: no you haven't jerry. these telepathic little bastards, they embed themselves in memories they use those to multiply, spread out, and take over planets. it's disgusting. 
rick: he's a real piece of shit! this is a big one, someone probably tracked in last week on the bottom of their shoe or on a piece of alien fruit. 
rick: get off the high road summer, we all got pink eye because you won't stop texting on the toilet. 
rick: no,"steve"put that memory in your brain so he could live in your house, eat your food, and multiply. we could be infested with these things, so we gotta keep an eye out for any zany, wacky characters that pop up. 
rick: thanks mr. poopybutthole. i always could count on you. 
rick: can't afford to chance it. 
rick: trust me beth you don't wanna know how many answers that question has. 
rick: why couldn't i bring my portal gun? (morty winces) 
rick: six, morty! there's supposed to be six of us! if there's seven, then that means somebody's not real. 
rick: i guessed. that's why i aimed for his shoulder. 
rick: wait. 
rick: no! don't flashback! 
rick: take that! 
rick: everybody stop remembering! these parasites are like bed bugs, and every flashback is another mattress. look! there's only supposed to be six people in this house. 
rick: no! uh, the fact that i wrote this number down means that there's four parasites. 
rick: all right, there's six of us, (belches) and that's it. me, morty, jerry, beth, mr. poopybutthole, frankenstein, sleepy gary, photography raptor, mr. beauregard, and summer. 
rick: 6, 10, what's the difference? i just love the number 6 for no reason! where's my pencil at? 
rick: oh, thanks, pencilvester! (writes the number 6 again) yeah, i-i g--i guess that is what happened, but i-i don't get why i would do that. 
rick: that is su--[belches]--suspicious. we're always hearing about this tinkles character, but we never get to 
rick: look, i'm not used to being this unsure for this long. i'm just gonna aim for shoulders starting with the weird girl. (tries to shoot summer) 
rick: hold still,"summer." 
rick: oh, yeah? well, what if you just think that, sleepy gary? i've known you for 15 years. don't make me hurt you. 
rick: wait, why would you want me to--you're one of them, aren't you? 
rick: shut up, hamurai! shut up, amish cyborg! what is this?'90s conan? 
rick: you know what, pencilvester? it took me my whole life to realize it, but i love barbecuing. 
rick: watch me, baby. i'm like tom cruise from, um,"cuisine"or w-whatever that movie's called where he makes drinks. yeah, check me out. i'm like tom cruise from"cuisine." (chuckles) yeah. is that what it's called?"cuisine"? 
rick: wait. (cut back to the present, breathing heavily) noooooo! shoot. now look. it's like a"where's waldo?"page. can you find me? check out all these zany characters. we'll be right back after these messages. 
rick: can't do that, sleepy gary. all right, everybody listen to me. i don't know if any of you guys are real, but this house has been infested with fake loved ones that spread through fake memories, and our planet will be destroyed if they get out. (grunts) 
rick: you guys, we got to hurry. i just got back from walmart. they're selling nintendo 3ds systems for 149. 99 on sale, plus every time you buy one, you get a 50 gift card. brings the total price down to 110 after tax. now, listen, we can flip those sons of bitches for 230 bucks apiece easy! they're all limited-edition"zelda"ones. hurry! hurry! come with me! we can be rich, and we also all get to keep one and we can play nintendo games! nintendo, give me free stuff. 
rick: okay, yes, i definitely remember doing that, but also, i would never do that 
rick: uh, no thank-- (grunts) okay. trying to figure out how to lower the blast shields, huh? anybody here think it's suspicious that a lot of people in here can't wait to get out of here? 
rick: so, what are you gonna do when you rotate back to the world, frankenstein? 
rick: no! get out of my head, parasite! no! drop it. give me the gun, frankenstein! (indistinct shouting) give it back! 
rick: (breathing heavily) is anyone here even real? am i the only real person on earth?! 
rick: hey, don't blame me! i tried to shoot summer 10 minutes ago! 
rick: wubba lubba dub dub! ricky ticky tavi, beyotch! and that's the wa-a-a-a-y the news goes. hit the sack, jack. uh-oh! somersault jump. aids! and that's why i always say shum shum shlippedy dop! grassss tastes bad-ah. no jumpin'in the sewer. burger time! rubber baby baby bunkers! lick, lick, lick my balls! (laughs) yeah! say that all the time. 
rick: beth, i'm your father! 
rick: why don't you make me, implausibly naive pubescent boy with an old jewish comedy writer's name? 
rick: shut up, morty, you brainwashed, little turd that might not even be real because i'm brainwashed, too. 
rick: oh, oh, oh, really? well, i remember you as a whiny, little piece of shit, morty! 
rick: yeah! i've got about a thousand memories of your dumb, little ass and about six of them are pleasant. the rest is annoying garbage. so why don't you do us both a favor and pull the trigger? do it! do it, mother[bleep] pull the[bleep] trigger! 
rick: what the hell? 
rick: holy crap, morty, you're right. 
rick: well, yeah, duh-doy. t-took you long enough. (rick turns the dial on the washing machine, the wall draws back to reveal a set of guns) 
rick: now let's go, morty. we got a lot of friends and family to exterminate. (grunts) 
rick: we need to kill everyone that we can only remember fondly. who's got a bad memory about mrs. refrigerator? 
rick: everybody back! if you're not a parasite, you have nothing to fear. what about summer? 
rick: (corners pencilvester) come on, man. haven't we ever had an uncomfortable silence or an awkward fart on a road trip? come on, pencilvester. give me anything. 
rick: you're right. (to morty) kill pencilvester. 
rick: i guess i did the butler! ha ha! does--d-does that scan? 
rick: thanks, ghost in a jar. you always were good at pointing out potentially obscure comedy. (shoots ghost in a jar, parasite screeches) (screeches) 
rick: from now on, let's all be careful to wash our hands when we get back from outer space. that goes for everyone. 
rick: at least we're real, jerry. we're real. ricky ticky tavi! 
rick: no, beth! oh[bleep] 
rick: oh, geez! oh, my god! 
rick: listen, beth, don't torture yourself. i made a similar mistake years ago, but, you know, on a planetary scale. 
rick: he's not pressing charges. i mean, that's got to be the"you shot me"equivalent of not being mad. 
rick: (smiles) and that's the wa-a-a-a-y the news goes. 
rick: run! 
rick: morty, do it! hit the button now! 
rick: holding off the clones morty, i already told you, it s not your family! they re clones from an alternate reality possessed by demonic alien spirits from another dimension s future! do you need a mnemonic device or something? just hit the button already! 
rick: good work, morty. 
rick: holding up the device and smiling y-you know, these demonic alien spirits are really valuable! 
rick: you okay, morty? told you not to trust that tuna. 
rick: i dunno, morty. some people would pay top dollar for that kinda breakthrough. 
rick: whoa whoa whoa, grabs morty s shoulder, stopping him come on, morty! d-d-don t be like that! the universe is a crazy and chaotic place! 
rick: oh yeah, morty. yeah, t-t-that-that s real easy to say from the sidekick position. but but, uh, h-how about next time you be in charge, then we ll talk about how simple and fun it is. 
rick: okay, fine. but let s make it interesting, morty. i-i-if your adventure sucks, and we bail halfway through it, you lose the right to bitch about all future adventures. plus, you have to do my laundry for a month. 
rick: every 10th. 
rick: washing dishes? 
rick: yeah just don't do it. 
rick: wow. hat trick. all right, morty, let's put a pin in this. i got to help your pathetic family. 
rick: oh, morty, you done did it this time. it's on. i can't wait to watch your adventure lay a huge fart. as for you dingdongs... this is a meeseeks box. let me show you how it works. you press this. 
rick: you make a request. mr. meeseeks, open jerry's stupid mayonnaise jar. 
rick: the meeseeks fulfills the request. 
rick: and then it stops existing. 
rick: trust me, they're fine with it. knock yourselves out just keep your requests simple. they're not gods. 
rick: god, morty, what a boring start to an adventure. why didn't we just go to kentucky? 
rick: can't wait. 
rick: oh, my god, so embarrassing. 
rick: yeah. beginner's luck. 
rick: all right, morty. we're in your stupid giant's castle. what do we do next? 
rick sarcastic: uh-oh, morty. startin'to get a little hairy. what do you want to do, boss? 
rick: just give up, morty. this is game over. i'll take us home right now. you just say the word. 
rick: oh, boy. he looks pretty bad down there, morty. looks like he's bleeding out. 
rick: ooh, boy, morty, you're really showing me how it's done. real straightforward and fun. 
rick sarcastic: oh, great adventure, buddy. rick and morty go to giant prison. you know, if somebody drops the soap, it's gonna land on our heads and crush our spines, morty. you know, it'll be really easy to rape us after that. 
rick: how? they took my portal gun. this is an open-and-shut case, morty. you know, what do you think's gonna happen, some magical angel's gonna show up and then- (the court doors burst open and a giant in a suit walks down the isle.) 
rick: w-what the hell is he talking about? 
rick: all right, morty, looks like the portal gun's still working. you ready to head home? 
rick: morty, cut your losses. this is obviously awash. 
rick: oh, boy, morty. 
rick: what do you say, morty? 
rick: yeah, morty, this is the part of the story everybody loves scaling down 650, 000 oversized steps. 
rick: what are you looking at, mother- 
rick: yeah, yeah, yeah, how about some scotch whiskey? you got any of that around here? or just a bunch of nonsense words? 
rick: 25 shmeckels? i don't know how much i don't know what that is. is that a lot? is it a little? 
rick: morty, your adventure's in a spiral. for real, man, time to pull out. 
rick: uh, because it's lame? 
rick: whatever. 
rick: read'em and weep, fellas! (morty comes back) oh, hey, morty. listen, i'm really sorry about all that stuff i said earlier about your adventure. i'm havin'a good time, morty. it's not so bad. 
rick: we can't leave now, morty. i'm on fire! 
rick: okay. listen, morty. i just won a bunch of shmeckels. why don't we use 25 of them to pay slippery stair here for a ride back to the village, and then we'll give the rest of the shmeckels to the villagers, huh? 
rick: sure, morty. yeah. you know, a good adventure needs a good ending. 
rick: good job, morty. looks like you won the bet. 
rick: well, you know, maybe that's why it could use a little cleaning up every now and then, you know. this one's wrapped up neat and clean because we did it morty style. 
rick: what the hell happened to this place? 
rick: hey, it's not my fault that jerry's an idiot. 
rick: well, you know, i do have a fleeseeks box. 
rick: what? it just has a mop and some floor wax in it. wubba lubba dub dubs! (everyone laughs) yeah! that's my new thing! i'm kind of like what's his name arsenio. isn't that it's what arsenio used to say on his show. wobble gobba lop bops! right? see you next week, everybody. 
rick: obviously a vampire, w-w-where's the pepper? 
rick: yes, summer, vampires are real, who knew? oh, right, all humanity, for hundreds of years, now, 
rick: we're gonna live our lives until we die, possibly by vampire, more likely auto accident or heart disease, but possibly vampire, 
rick: yeah, pretty specific pitch, summer, i probably could turn myself into a teenager and hang out in the zit-covered, hormone-addled, low-stakes assworld that is high school, but here's my reverse-ask--why in the[bleep] would i ever do that, ever? and how dare you even ask me that? and why aren't you more ashamed of yourself? 
rick: jesus christ! will you fix your marriage or get a divorce already? 
rick: that's earth therapy, you might as well ask a horse to fix a merry-go-round, i mean, he'll try his best, but mostly, he's just gonna get horrified, i know about a place off-planet with a 100 success rate, 
rick:-then it's settled, no need to pack,-oh! let's go, go, go, go! 
rick: i booked you for a two-day intensive at nuptia four, the galaxy's most successful couples'counseling institute, they could save the marriage of a dog and a bar of dark chocolate, they could save the marriage of a porn star and a porn star, 
rick: okay, have fun, see ya thursday! 
rick: ugh agh, 
rick: holy shit! thanks, kids, you figured it out, well, summer did, kind of weird that you were that willing to sell my existence out for some trim, morty, 
rick: but listen--i forgive you both because you know what? i learned, today, something important--the teenage mind is its own worst enemy, oh, i also learned this,[beeping] operation phoenix is not the fallback i thought it would be, i guess it's back to the drawing board, 
rick: grandpa's back, baby! grandpa's-- 
rick: aha, you see? what did i tell you two? it worked, 
rick: already lost interest, get in the car, i've been inside a kid all day and, now, i can feel my bones scraping each other, uh, just so you're prepared, there's a bunch of dead mes in the garage, 
rick: not really, jerry, probably a cosmetic connection your mind mistakes for thematic, 
rick: old rick! ruinin'everything! 
rick: look, i'm not paying 70 smidgens for a broken defraculator, 
rick: well, does it defraculate? 
rick: then--then--then it's a broken defraculator, 
rick: yeah, yeah, and your species eat sulfur, so, let's say 60 smidgens, i tell you what--i'll do you a favor, i'll throw in a fart, 
rick: not here, morty, we'll stop somewhere else, because, you know, there's always another pawn shop, 
rick: oh, it looks cool, huh? that's why you want it? 
rick: okay, 60 for the resonator, and my grandson wants the sex robot, 
rick: i don't know, what do you want from me? he thi--he thou--he thou--he th--he thought it looked cool, you know what i mean? 
rick: where's the sex robot, morty? 
rick: strange--that's usually the man's job, you know what i'm talking about, morty? wubba-lubba-dub-dub![laughs] morty that's my catchphrase, remember? remember--remember how i--how i cemented that catchphrase? all right, all right, seriously, though, let me grab this thing,[grunts] come on, you rascal, 
rick: all right, uh-oh, 
rick: hmm, i think morty's robot was designed for more than long weekends, genetic compiler, incubation chamber, yep, this here's some kind of baby maker, and that there's half morty, half[burps] who--who knows wh-what? it's my bad, guys, i'll--i'll take care of it, 
rick: hey, listen--you guys quarantined the house when summer brought olives back from mexico, i mean, this thing could grow to the size of delaware, i mean, it might eat brains and exhale space aids, we got to be careful, 
rick: don't name it! 
rick: oh, crap, he named it, 
rick: fine, i'm gonna take this thing to my workshop and do a little bit of investigating, do not let that thing out of your sight, it looks harmless now, but it could grow into something dangerous, 
rick: yeah, good one, jerry, 2003 just called, it wants its easy target back, 
rick: out 
rick: well, i can't solve the problem my way, thanks to your family's primitive biological hang-ups, gross, i might have just touched one of morty's loads, but maybe i can find suitable parents for morty jr, on this robot's home world, which is... gazorpazorp in the andromeda system scoot, summer, 
rick: i don't do adventures with chicks, summer, 
rick: oh, crap, 
rick: still think it's a good idea to go through holes without a wiener? 
rick: yeah, no duh, ugh! 
rick: great, now i have to take over a whole planet because of your stupid boobs, 
rick: thanks, dum-dum,[roars] 
rick: i said,"rhanks, dum-dum,"go get more, summer, put your burka on! 
rick: look, i'm trying to repair a p-portal gun with a bunch of sex-doll parts, and i have to do it one-handed to keep these belushis from carting you off, the least you could do is be ashamed of your gender, 
rick: obviously, at some point, the gazorpians became so evolved that they replaced females with birthing machines, the resultant lack of distraction and hen-pecking allowed them to focus entirely on war, so they bombed themselves back to the stone age, and now they just fight with each other over fake[bleep] with sticks and rocks all day long, 
rick: you ever see a line for the men's room? are you hear--do you li--do you hear me, summer? 
rick: the plot thickens, 
rick: uh, you might want to cover your eyes, summer, 
rick: summer, grab--grab hold, 
rick: well, obviously, summer, it appears the lower tier of this society is being manipulated through sex and advanced technology by a hidden ruling class, sound familiar? 
rick: oh, there--there we go, summer, hey--hey, brother, hey, bro, nice racket you got going on here, listen, i'm rick sanchez from earth dimension c-137, don't mean you any harm, coming in peace, it's all cool in the, uh--"good in the neighborhood"is what i was trying to come--is what i meant, oh, i get it--the old behind-every-great-man amazon twist, 
rick:[choking][coughs] 
rick:[chokes] ugh! ohh! oh-ho-ho! oh, boy, what's the opposite of"wubba-lubba-dub-dubs"? am i right, ladies and gentlemen? are you guys kidding me? 
rick: wait a minute, we're here because a male gazorpian was born on our planet, 
rick: we don't have time for mojitos, 
rick: i don't care, summer! this place is the worst! i want to go home! 
rick: yeah, you know what i have to say about that? 
rick:[farting continues] whoo, boy! who let the frogs out, huh? 
rick: it's not dominated by us, okay? on earth, men and women are equals, 
rick: whoa! was this really the time to make that point, summer? 
rick: because i got--i got a big, you know, penis between my legs, what--what--what are you in for? 
rick: pfft! this is gonna be cake, no, jackie! 
rick: what, what, what--a night on the couch? 
rick: ooh, gerp, 
rick: holy shit! y-y-you're gonna crush us with a boulder?! 
rick: what? just give me a gun, i'll kill myself, 
rick: look, i'm sorry, summer, i feel bad that i let you drag us into this, i wish i could have been a better grandpa to you, and, you know, for what it's worth, that is a really nice, cute top that you're wearing there, 
rick: good job, summer, and thanks, girls, you know, you girls are really something, i'll tell you that, you know when we first got there, i was like--give them a ship now, 
rick: out of the--out of the way, morty! 
rick: morty, that's one of the most violently aggressive creatures in the universe! 
rick: isn't it interesting, summer, that after all that stuff we just did, nothing really mattered and there was no point to it? kind of makes you wonder, huh--about nothing? 
rick: no, i'd say, given what we've been through, that i was right the whole time and any epiphanies about gender politics were a projection of your feminine insecurity, but, hey, why don't you have a pink spaceship? go ride around and have a jolly old time, maybe that'll shut you up, 
rick: oh, that's interesting, beth, you know, it's funny, i-i-i heard about a little bit of news myself, take a look, t-take a listen, 
rick: wubba-lubba-dub-dubs! this this world still got a--it's still got a chance! yeah! ha ha! see you--see you guys next week! see everybody next week, 
rick: anyway, that's how i escaped from space prison! oh, scary place. 
rick: oh, come on. who wants to watch a mad scientist use handmade sci-fi tools to take out highly trained alien guards when we can sit here and be a family at shoney's? 
rick: emotionally speaking, honey, shoney's is my home. 
rick: jerry, get out of the booth, take all your clothes off, and fold yourself 12 times. 
rick: six folds, huh? w-w-what, have you guys got me in a series 9000? you cheap insect[bleep] didn't think i was worth your best equipment? 
rick: well, you might as well order some pancakes, because i don't see the need to leave this part of my brain. 
rick: shoney's. 
rick: relaxed enough?[chuckles] 
rick:[laughs] 
rick:[laughs] 
rick:[laughs] 
rick: oh, any particular ones? you want to see my first boner, or should we go straight to the moment i discovered interdimensional travel? 
rick: ooh, your little flappy doodles are twitching. does that mean you're aroused, or did you just get a signal that one of your buddies found a grape? 
rick: yeah, well, tough titties. 
rick: well, that depends on who breaks first--me or the titty. 
rick: the day i invented the portal gun is the day i lost her. 
rick: [sighs] fine, but i'm driving. 
rick:--as an excuse to strip away our freedom! 
rick: to the day it all began and ended. the moment that changed everything. 
rick: yeah, i'd like to get a 10-piece mcnugget and a bunch of the szechuan sauce. like, as much as you're allowed to give me. in 1998, they had this promotion for the disney film"mulan,"where they--where they--they created a new sauce for the mcnuggets called szechuan sauce, and it's delicious! and then they got rid of it, and now it's gone. this is the only place we're gonna be able to try it, is in my memory. 
rick: okay. all right, all right. 
rick: me. i used to wear blue pants. 
rick: i didn't. i did. 
rick: yeah. that's the three lines of math that separates my life as a man from my life as an unfeeling ghost. 
rick: nope, they cannot. 
rick: because the code you just uploaded wasn't actually my portal-gun formula, it was a virus giving me full control over the brainalyzer. 
rick: true, but you can alter anything you want about a totally fabricated origin story. 
rick: mission accomplished, boys. pull me out. 
rick: okay, have fun in what's left of my brain. i'm gonna transfer to yours. oh, there's not enough room for all my genius, so i'm leaving you with my fear of wicker furniture, my desire to play the trumpet, my tentative plans to purchase a hat, and six years of improv workshops. comedy comes in threes. 
rick d-99: hi, rick. bye, rick. 
rick d-99 rick: i'm bummed i didn't get to give that insect dick a test-drive. 
rick d-99 rick: great! 
rick d-99 rick: lovely. not only is my plan screwed up, i also forgot how to improvise. 
rick d-99 rick: [grunts] 
rick d-99 rick: go [burps]--good enough. 
rick: the citadel's been teleported to[burps] federation space. it's doomed. this has to be c-137, you guys. what are we gonna do?! you know he's coming for us. 
rick: duh! 
rick: morty, take this. you're gonna need it later. 
ricktiminus sancheziminius: hold on, hold on. whoa! 
rick: what--what's this supposed to accomplish? we have infinite grandkids. you're trying to use disney bucks at a caesar's palace here. 
rick: i came to kill you, bro. that's not even my original summer. 
rick: 20 yards, nine-gauge plasma pistol, my first shot would liquify her insides and injure you, second shot adds recoil. the risk to me is minimized if i wait for you to shoot her, which i'm encouraging you to do. 
rick: or let her go, which i will reward with a quicker death. 
rick: because it's incentive for you to give me my cleanest shot, which will be your least painful death. but if you want to die slower than that, i'm super into it. all you got to do to get that started is kill the girl. 
rick: not an issue, sweetie. 
rick: morty, i know you're too stupid to get this, but you're really[bleep] this up right now. 
rick: i wasn't gonna let her die, you[bleep] moron! 
rick: the point is he thought i was going to. 
rick: you're a serious[bleep] idiot, morty! you basically killed us all! you're the worst! you're as dumb as a bag of sand. 
rick shoots riq iv rick: good job, morty. let's go, kids. 
rick: oldest rick trick in the book. 
rick: not until i finish what i started. and that is how you get level-nine access without a password. 
rick: employee of the month, ladies and gentlemen. 
rick: destroying the[burps] galactic government. 
rick: good pitches, kids. i'm almost proud. but watch closely as grandpa topples an empire by changing a one to a zero. 
rick: guess who dismantled the government? 
rick: i never will, baby. 
rick: jerry, is there any light beer left? it's insane what you miss in prison. 
rick: no, you're right. where's the vodka? 
rick: seems like you guys need some privacy. i'll, uh--i'll be in the garage. 
rick: oh, i-i'm sorry to hear that, sweetie. i hope i had nothing to do with that. 
rick: for everybody. 
rick: not so fast, morty. you heard your mom. we've got adventures to go on, morty--just you and me--and sometimes your sister and sometimes your mom, but never your dad. you want to know why, morty? because he crossed me. 
rick: oh, it gets darker, morty. welcome to the darkest year of our adventures. first thing that's different--no more dad, morty. 
rick: he threatened to turn me in to the government, so i made him and the government go away. 
rick: i've rep[burps] laced them both as the de facto patriarch of your family and your universe. your mom wouldn't have accepted me if i came home- 
rick:-without you and your sister, so now you know the real reason i rescued you. oh! i just took over the family, morty, and if you tell your mom- 
rick:-or sister i said any of this, i'll deny it- 
rick:-and they'll take my side because i'm a hero, morty. and now you're gonna have to go- 
rick:-and do whatever i say, morty, forever! and i'll--i'll go out and i'll find some more of that"mulan"szechuan teriyaki dipping sauce, morty.- 
rick:-because that's--that's what this is all about, morty. 
rick: that's my one-armed man! i'm not driven by avenging my dead family, morty! that was fake. i-i-i'm driven by finding that mcnugget sauce. 
rick: i want that"mulan"mcnugget sauce, morty! that's my series arc, morty. 
rick: if it takes nine seasons, i want my mcnugget dipping sauce, szechuan sauce, morty. 
rick: that's what's gonna take us all the way to the end, morty. 
rick: season--nine more seasons, morty. nine more seasons until i get that dipping szechuan sauce. 
rick: for 97 more years, morty! 
rick: i want that mcnugget sauce, morty! 
rick: morty, come on. i need your help tonight. 
rick: i thought the whole point of having a dog was to feel superior, jerry. if i were you, i wouldn't pull that thread. come on, morty. 
rick: boy, you really got me up against a wall this time, jerry. 
rick: all right, ruffles what's his name? 
rick: snuffles, shake. 
rick: roll over. 
rick: go to the bathroom. 
rick: yeah, you're at the top of your game now, jerry. have fun. come on, morty. 
rick: yeah, morty, if you like that, boy, you're you're really going to flip your lid over this one. 
rick: it's a device, morty, that when you put it in your ear, you can enter people's dreams, morty. it's just like that movie that you keep crowing about. 
rick: that's right, morty. this is gonna be a lot like that, except, you know, it's gonna may- (belch)-be make sense. 
rick: you don't have to try to impress me, morty. listen, tonight we're gonna go into the home of your math teacher, mr. goldenfold, and we're gonna incept the idea in his brain to give you a's in math, morty. that way you can, you know, y-you're gonna help me with my science, morty, all the time. 
rick: are you listening to me, morty? homework is stupid. the whole point is to get less of it. 
rick: come on, let's just get over there and deal with this thing. w-we're gonna incept your teacher. you're frustrating me. 
rick: uh-oh! spoilers! 
rick: i'm a full season behind. 
rick: it's about to get a whole lot weirder, morty. 
rick: all right, morty, time to make our move. 
rick: allahu (belch) akbar! we're gonna take control of this plane! we're gonna 9 11 it unless morty smith gets better grades in math! 
rick: hey! i said nobody move, buddy! 
rick: take cover, morty! 
rick: goldenfold's got more control here than i anticipated. i mean, the guy teaches high-school math. (belch) i didn't take him for an active dreamer. we've got to take him out so he wakes up, morty but we can't get killed. if you get killed in someone else's dream, you die for real, morty. 
rick: don't be a baby! you avoid getting shot in real life all the time, morty. just do the same thing here, and we'll be fine! 
rick: goldenfold, we're coming out! we just want to talk! 
rick: because we're both rational adults that don't want anything bad to happen. and because i have a human shield. 
rick: oh, no, morty. his subconscious is panicking. 
rick: whoa! whoa! whoa! whoooooaaaa! whoa! whoa! whoooooaaaa! 
rick: relax, morty. look! mrs. pancakes has a parachute. come on! 
rick: pretty concise, morty. looks like we've merely prolonged the inevitable. that's it, morty! prolonging the inevitable! listen, if we go into mrs. pancakes'dream, everything will go 100 times slower, morty. that'll buy us some time to figure this out! 
rick: all right, let's go. 
rick: don't judge, morty. 
rick: whoa, whoa, morty, the trick to incepting is making people think they came up with the idea. listen to me. if we're gonna incept mrs. pancakes, we have to blend. i'll talk to you after lunch. 
rick: whoa, whoa, whoa! what's the matter with you, morty? calm down! you're kind of killing the vibe in here. 
rick: looks like goldenfold has some predilections so shameful he buries them in the dreams of the people in his dreams, including a pervy attraction to your underage sister.
rick in unison with morty: oh, my god. put some clothes on for the love of god summer! put some-i'm gunna puke! i swear to god i'm gunna puke! 
rick: time to go another dream deep, morty! 
rick: geez, i don't know, morty. wha-what do you want from me? 
rick: oh, here we go! 
rick: looks like some sort of legally safe knock-off of an'80s horror character with miniature swords for fingers instead of knives. 
rick: holy crap! we have to escape into someone else's dreams, morty! 
rick: the little girl! 
rick: are you kidding me? this again? oh, man, it looks like we've hit dream bedrock here, morty. 
rick: holy crap, morty. he can travel through dreams. he can travel through dreams! we're so screwed! 
rick: what are we here for again? incepting? we're trying to incept- 
rick: oh, yeah. 
rick: hold on, morty. y-you know what? he keeps saying we can run but we can hide. i say we try hiding. 
rick: yeah, well, since when are we taking this guy's advice on anything? 
rick: worst-case scenario we're back to running. 
rick: thanks, morty. yeah, it's nice to be on the same page every once in a while. 
rick: oh, this is perfect, morty. look at that. he's getting sleepy. just a little bit longer before he calls it a day. that's when we make our move. 
rick: morty, this is perfect. after a little scary coitus, they should be fast asleep and then we'll incept him. 
rick: looks like scary terry's having a nightmare. 
rick: yeah, this is a bunch of bullcrap. who cares what stupid pun you make when you kill someone? why don't you let the poor guy say whatever he wants? 
rick: you're putting too much pressure on yourself, scary terry. you know, i mean, y-you're perfectly scary enough as it is. 
rick: you're our boy, dawg. don't even trip. 
rick: as a matter of fact, terry, there is something you could help us with. 
rick: out of the frying pan dot, dot, dot, huh, morty? 
rick: well, it's possible that your dog became self-aware and made modifications on the cognition amplifier, then turned on jerry, beth, and summer after learning about humanity's cruel subjugation of his species, but your guess is as good as mine, morty. 
rick: psst, beth, jerry, summer. 
rick: oh, you're welcome. all right, let's get out of here.
rick: if we hurry we can set up camp in a sewer tunnel or something before the dogs completely take over. 
rick: it's all over, jerry. the dogs are on a path to total world domination. but, hey, at least they know not to piss on your carpet, right?
rick: ooh, great plan, jerry. 
rick: no, no, no, i was just playing dead. good news, though, morty. this whole thing's gonna be over really soon. 
rick: it's a dream, morty. we're in your dog's dream. the night the dogs captured us, after you cried and crapped your pants, we all went to sleep. then i used my dream inceptors to put the two of us inside snuffles'dream. 
rick: it's been six hours. dreams move one one-hundredth the speed of reality, and dog time is one-seventh human time. so, you know, every day here is like a minute. it's like"inception,"morty, so if it's confusing and stupid, then so is everyone's favorite movie. 
rick: no, no, that happened before you went to sleep, morty. you're sleeping in your crap right now. out of all the things that happened to you, that was the only real thing that, you know, is that you crapped your pants. i mean, it's a mess out there. i got some on my hands, morty, and then i got it on the dream inceptor, and a piece fell in my mouth. 
rick: look, d-d-d-don't worry about it, morty. here, here take these, morty. take these. 
rick: close. it's gonna make your kidneys shut down. 
rick: it's necessary for the plan, morty. don't even trip, dawg. 
rick: i think it will be great, morty. you know it could be developed in-into a very satisfying project for people of all ages. i mean, i'd watch it, morty, for at least 11 minutes a pop. you know, may-maybe they'll do it board-driven. 
rick: what do you know, morty? what do you know? 
rick: oooh! this is how you dream, bitch. (terry and rick are getting stoned) 
rick: get in!! now! summer grabs morty and runs to the ship. beth follows. jerry protests. 
rick: whatever jerry you don't have to come. you can stay here on your precious planet and become a sex slave to a mentally and physically superior alien race. i'm sure theres a few chubby chasers on this planet that will pay good money for you. jerry tries to work up a comeback but fails. he gets in the ship. they fly off. 
rick is flying his dinged up ship while the entire family (except morty) is yelling and screaming questions at rick. 
rick: whoa whoa hey hey calm down. i'm assuming you wanna know how i broke out. well... rick looks directly into the camera. 
rick: you little shits wouldn't stop asking for it so welcome to season 3 motherfuckers! we about to shawshank all up in this bitch! wubbalubbadubdub! rick and morty 
rick is standing in his honeycomb cell as it is being lowered to the ground by a giant mechanical arm. his cell is unlocked, his braces are opened, and guards escort him through the main floor of the prison. 
rick looks among the prison with disgust in his face. every single creature in the prison is terrifying and grotesque. rick makes sustained eye contact with a weird looking alien eating food through it's asshole. rick cringes and shakes his head. a prisoner jumps at one of the guards holding rick. the prison looks an awful lot like doc brown from back to the future except for some discoloration. he is crazy and scurries around like a mouse on crack. 
rick: jesus christ. what's he in for? 
rick: what (burps) ever. stan, an older man who has clearly seen some shit in his day, sits down across from rick. rick, without even looking up to see the man says... 
rick: if you're here to ask me for a blowjob you can get in line. mr. eats-where-i-shit-and-shits-where-i-eat has first dibs. 
rick: what? how do you know that? 
rick: i mean yeah obviously its mine. but... uh... thanks for the heads up... uhhh 
rick sits down in an all white room. two square looking scientists walk into the room and sit in front of rick. one of them puts the portal gun on the table. 
rick: it's a fucking portal gun. its really not complicated. 
rick: yeah. right. 
rick: not interested. what were you guys doing going through my shit anyway? 
rick: or what? you'll tell your boss bitch tammy that i'm not cooperating? scientist 1 pulls out a gun and holds it to rick's head. 
rick: cute. 
rick: my jizz. scientist 2 immediately drops the portal gun. 
rick: you heard me. my jizz. 
rick: i'm not! i can whip up some fuel for you right now and we can take this baby out for a test drive. the scientists start to grab their stuff and run out of the room. 
rick: oooo yeah name calling! come on science boy i'm almost there! we hear the guards vomiting off screen and then summer's voice. 
rick: obviously not summer. i'm not that fucked up. the gun runs of quadric acid. also, here... rick throws summer a lab coat. 
rick: put this on. i can't even look at you when you're dressed like that. you used to just have hints of daddy issues but now you might as well have it tattooed on your goddamn forehead. 
rick: hey what? clearly i was the only thing holding your family together jerry. 
rick: honestly, i don't know. i didn't think i'd make it this far. jerry is infuriated. 
rick: oh great now you've really done it jerry. morty, get the gun out of my glove compartment. morty blankly stares at rick. while staring back at morty, rick asks... 
rick: what the hell did you guys do to morty? 
rick: what?! 
rick: i'll fix it later. summer grab the wheel. summer leans forward to grab the wheel and rick grabs the gun. he sticks his hand out of the window of his ship and starts shooting at the cops. he takes down both ships and sits back in the drivers seat. 
rick: we got those guys but there will be more any second now. but first, lets finish this story. 
rick is back in the white interrogation room before. tammy, the bitch who got him locked up, walks into the room. she circles rick and then slams her hands on the table. 
rick: jesus tammy. all this just so you can have a piece of the rick? i mean you did kill my best friend... 
rick: did your scientist boyfriends tell you that? 
rick: yet they get grossed out by a little rick juice. 
rick: hey look, i'm just... i'm just saying that it is a natural human bodily function and there is no reason... 
rick: (speaking over tammy) there is no reason to be ashamed ofmy body. 
rick: you swallow, don't you? 
rick: oh, so you spit? 
rick: spitters are quitters tammy. 
rick: oh my god i told you already! tammy gets annoyed and starts to head towards the door. rick hey! hey! tell your scientist boyfriends that i say hi! and that sometimes late at night when i'm making more fuel i... as tammy walks out the door tammy turns around and calmly says 
rick and stan sit and talk about life on a bench in a busy prison yard. 
rick: naw, i just like fucking with these d-bags. 
rick: so how'd you end up in here? 
rick: so did you kill somebody? 
rick: ho. ly. balls. are you serious?! stan stares blankly at him. 
rick: dude that's fucking amazing!!! oh man you are just... you are just one crazy son of a bitch. you're just so intense... i fucking love it! oh man here, you want a drink? against all odds, rick has a flask in his pocket. just go with it. stan takes the flask and drinks. 
rick: (casually) oh yknow, stole a little, killed a little, lied a little. nothing too crazy. 
rick: i turned myself in. kinda regretting it now that i know that bitch tammy is gonna kill me in a month. i'd still be out there getting wrecked and fucking bitches if it wasn't for morty. 
rick: my idiot grandson. really really dumb kid. like reeeeaaallllyy dumb. how he didn't die on our missions is beyond me. one... one time he almost got us killed because-fade to 
rick is having flashbacks of antics with morty from previous episodes. 
rick  (v. o.) : he had to save this weird cat chick from planet that purges. y'know like the movie? and another time he like infested his whole planet because he gave this love potion to a girl with the flu. we had to blow up that planet and move to a different one. oh! and this other time... 
rick: ugh. will you all shut up. jerry, you damn straight know why we can't let your incompetent and defective ass out of the house. summer, you aren't going to die from a conversation but if you keep talking you are literally going to die. now listen to the rest of the goddamn story! 
rick: i mean... you know... i just worry for the kid? here's this poor kid going thorough puberty and shit with literally the worst family ever. i mean his mom and sister are kinda okay. his mom, my daughter, is really smart. she practically has her husband's ball sack locked in a box on her desk. her husband is a fucking idiot. just a complete fucking failure. a pathetic excuse for a human. how any of his sperm cells were smart enough to knock up my daughter is absolutely beyond me. 
rick: what makes you think i'm gonna breakout? 
rick: stan, you gorgeous fuck-muffin. thank you. 
rick is back in the interrogation room with tammy. 
rick: i'll give you all the information you want for something in return. i have a list of items that i need for... personal reasons. you promise me these items and i'll give you answers right here, right now. tammy thinks of a bit. 
rick: i'll fist every single person in this prison. the officials outside of the room begin whispering to each other. tammy is sweating. 
rick: i know you'd be into it. birdperson told me about the time you and him- 
rick: i need a trash bag, some wire, a sexy poster of abradolf lincler, and about 59 milliliters of acetone, chlorine trifluoride, and sodium. i'll answer six questions. 
rick: how are you still on that?! you can ask me literally any question in the world but you still want to know what fuels my fucking portal gun? tammy realizes that she has been given a great opportunity. only problem is, all of rick's answers are either lies or so outrageous they sound like lies. 
rick: by shoving the items way up my ass. 
rick: i carry around a incompetent prepubescent teen that is so dumb, i'm able to hide under his dense and lackluster brainwaves. thus my genius goes undetected by you dick bags. 
rick: jesus i don't know. like, 5? 
rick: because i felt bad for you guys. i've been pulling on your dicks for so long i figured its time to give you a fighting chance. 
rick: i'm counting that as a question. 
rick: and what if i don't want to answer! 
rick: lick. lick. lick. my balls. tammy holds the guns firmly to his head and then lets go. 
rick: you gave me a month yesterday! 
rick: you bitch! 
rick gets back to his cell and is given his box is chained in by his arms and feet and the cell into the air. eventually, everyone falls asleep guards start to thin out. rick uses this as his to work. of stuff. he is lifted up and the opportunity rick runs the wire up his leg and up to his hand. he picks all the locks open. he pastes the lincler poster on the front of the cell so the camera can't detect what he's doing. inside the cell he shoves the trash bag and wire into his pocket. rick deficates the plumbus. he mixes the chemicals and burns a hole into the bottom of the cell. rick jumps from cell to cell and stops at stan's cell. stan is standing on a chair with a rope tied around his neck. it looks like he's about to hang himself. 
rick: stan! don't do it! i can break us out of here! stan turns around slightly and we see he's actually jerking off. 
rick:.... oh... oh my god. alright nevermind see ya later stan. rick continues to jump from cell to cell until he reaches the ground floor. he hits all the guards on the back of the head with his plumbus and they all fall to the floor unconscious. tammy is sitting at a table, playing with her phone. the portal gun is by her side. rick sneaks up behind her and throws the trash bag over her head. he suffocates her with the trash bag. 
rick: (whispers) don't hate the player, hate the game, bitch. tammy's body falls to the ground and rick uses the rest of the chemicals to power up the portal gun. he shoots a portal into the air and jumps through. 
rick: fuck me, i hate these guys. all the blue men turn and face rick. 
rick: hey guys. can you build me a new spaceship? i'm gonna need all of you to help. 
rick: yeah sure whatever. the whole planet of meeseeks work to build rick his ship. even the babies. rain or shine they work tirelessly. in the pouring rain a meeseeks hands rick the keys. 
rick: almost. i need a lab coat. a meeseeks runs up and gives him a lab coat. 
rick: perfect. now, i am satisfied. rick boards his ship and as he flies off into space we see all the meeseeks looking up at the the sky and letting the rain fall onto their face. just like the scene in shawshank. 
rick: who are you guys to judge? like you're such a perfect fucking family? 
rick: jerry, don't use words like"finesse". you don't sound smarter when you use big words you just sound more like a douchebag. i think we are just gonna have to go to a different dimension and resume our lives there. 
rick: because summer, we wouldn't have a fucking episode if we did that. also, there should be a little vile of chemicals in the pocket of the lab coat i gave you. can you pour it in your brother's mouth? summer does with slight hesitation. rick punches morty in the face. 
rick: i don't know. those were chemicals i got at the prison mixed with some other stuff. it was either gonna kill him or cure him. life is a pretty risky game but you gotta play it if you wanna win. 
rick: what i'm saying, morty, is that you're damn lucky i saved your life before your parents took away your ability to walk. 
rick: look morty, i... you guys are just... he thinks about being vulnerable for the first time ever. there is a real love in rick's eyes and as he opens his mouth... 
rick: hope you liked my rick juice mother fucker! rick shoots a portal into the sky and the ship disappears into the green glow. tag 
rick: grab your body and bury it in the backyard. summer you're responsible for your frat boy boyfriend. morty and rick nonchalantly drag their corpses off screen while beth, jerry, and summer stare at their corpses. 
rick  (o. s.) : c'mon! lets goooo! beth, summer, and jerry just stare at their corpses in disbelief as the music swells. 
rick: yeah sure morty. look what i m working on. 
rick: i know you re in there. 
rick: get out of my grandson you bastard! morty s face bleeds. he tries to stand up, stumbles, falls over, and looks scared. what?! 
rick: no it s not! don t worry morty, it ll be over soon! throws morty into the wall. 
rick: as soon as this bastard gets out of you! rick picks up a broken gadget, electricity flows out of it, wildly touches the ceiling, floor, then walls. 
rick: i m not asking, i m telling you. get out of my grandson! morty sees the electricity bounce from the walls. widen with terror. his eyes 
rick: (shouts) get out! rick touches morty with the device, the electricity flows through morty, sizzling his hair and the ends of his fingers. 
rick: not today scum. rick freezes the alien spy. smashes into tiny bits. it falls to the ground and morty starts to wake up, then rubs his head. 
rick: you were attacked by the galactic federation, infected by a gromflamite spy. 
rick: come on morty, let s have breakfast. 
rick: morning beth, anything. no idea morty. they re always trying to pin some bullshit story on your grandpa. under surveillancerick and morty 4. 
rick  (o. s.) : i swear, i haven t done anything. i d tell you morty if i did, you know that. 
rick: it s how they interview aliens. they like to give you a health check before they offer you the job. 
rick: sure jerry, they ll ask. rick crosses his arms. 
rick: (impatient) i haven t got all day. it? where is 
rick: have i lied to you before? course he can lift. of 
rick: jerry shut up or you ll spoil the transaction. 
rick: 200 at least, he s one of the best. 
rick: where is it? under surveillancerick and morty 6. tafight stag pulls out a case. rick rips it from his hands, opens it, then sniffs the glowing red contents, as vapour rises from the case. 
rick: (high) woah azzakari. this is the good stuff! rick jumps into his spacecar. 
rick turns on a transmitter. it emits a sound like radar and a white light pulsates. a universe hologram spirals out of the transmitter. he walks to the center, then accidentally kicks the empty suitcase that once carried the azzakari goods rick traded. 
rick: where are you, you window lickers? 
rick: one braincell amoebas morty. 
rick: shush, do you hear that. an echo reverberates. 
rick: bastard. rick pulls out his locator. 
rick: slick, trying to circumvent me by using a dimension where i don t exist. rick walks over to the wall and pulls down two levers. the walls and air simultaneously freeze with ice and tinge with electricity, as it pulls through the mercenary varpa from the other dimension. the mercenary varpa, a reptile that blends in with it s surroundings, wears a bullet chain and a sword on it s back. it s teeth start to rattle from the cold. 
rick: grab the rope morty. 
rick: now morty! morty throws the rope around the mercenary. 
rick: nice one morty. the mercenary looks around himself. 
rick: no prisoners. summer walks in. under surveillancerick and morty 
rick: (surprised) plural? not again, persistent bastards. rick punches summer in the face and knocks her out cold. blood splatters everywhere. 
rick: (to summer) nothing. rick wipes the blood on his lab coat. 
rick: i see you gromflamites! boss, i m the boss. tell your 
rick: not you dummy. the gromflamites crawling around on your face. 
rick’s face hovers in the sky above summer. the light appears like the sun. the dirty magnifying glass resembles the moon. various gromflamites all run for their lives. under surveillancerick and morty screams fill the air and all buildings have been destroyed by fire and smoke. a gromflamite mother runs past with her baby. 
rick: listen up you fuckers. you re not taking me alive. get off my granddaughter, perverts. 
rick  (v. o.) : ha ha ha you stupid fuckers. gromflamite commander smacks his fist into the table which knocks over a drink. 
rick slowly moves a knife towards summer’s face. 
rick: hold still summer, i m a scientist not a doctor. summer grits her teeth. rick gently touches summer s face with the knife, slowly presses the flat side of the blade on her cheek, and then scrapes the red pimple off her cheek. 
rick: done. summer opens her eyes. under surveillancerick and morty 
rick: you shit yourself for no reason. 
rick and morty sit in a booth and look at menus. 
rick: don t be such a pussy morty. it s me they want not you. rick turns to the waiter. 
rick: i ll have three kenquels. morty looks over the menu. 
rick: (interrupts) he ll have the santilly manchegoes. now go fetch. 
rick: this is the last place they ll look, next to a blackhole. 
rick: what, black? 
rick: i don t want to talk about it. i hate petty earth trivia where you can t say manhole or blackboard. science rules. if a leader doesn t believe in science, he s a fucking dumb loser. to be under surveillancerick and morty 
rick: honest, everyone s a loser. but more so him. fucking hate idiots. idiots everywhere, in charge, leaders, government, dumb flat earth conspiracies, assholes. rant over. 
rick: you re right. they both laugh. a ginger hair blue alien catches rick s eye. she sits at the bar. 
rick: things are looking up. rick walks over to her, then taps her on the shoulder. she turns around. 
rick: (surprised) stormy staniels? 
rick: i was, but that s another story. why are you here? (to the barman) i ll have the same. 
rick: smart. remind me. why did we stop hanging out? 
rick: condescending. 
rick: condescending. i remember now. thanks. (to the barman) i ll have it to go. 
rick and morty sit in their booth with half-finished plates. morty appears to have a small red pimple forming on his cheek. rick picks up a knife. 
rick: morty, how long have you had that zit? 
rick: i ll be quick. exfoliate to exterminate spies. morty leans back, grabs a knife, then steps away from the booth. 
rick: fine, suit yourself. he returns to his meal. 
rick: i knew it. rick approaches morty, then zaps him with a teaser. 
rick: get out of my grandson you pervert. how many times?! 
rick: all in the name of saving you morty. rick zaps morty extra long. the gadget glows at the end. the gromflamite spy. like glue, it slowly pulls out morty wriggles in pain. 
rick: it s okay morty. that food you ate has created a barrier together with the effect of this lopo zapper. it ll reject and expel the alien virus. 
rick: fucking hate all governments. always wanting to get into your shit. why don t you fuck off. 
rick: lick my ballsack. happen. never gone to under surveillancerick and morty 
rick, morty and summer relax on the couch. rick changes the channel, again and again. 
rick: (bored) nothing s on. 
rick: aw shit. knew i forgot something. rick creates a portal. 
rick: come on morty. beth sits next to summer. 
rick: perfect timing as always. 
rick: you owe me! that was some of the worse azzakari i ve ever had. eccledyke s in the background, against the base of a statue that has been made into the same image as tafight stag who whips a statue jerry. under surveillancerick and morty two more tafight stag s whip their alien slaves at the statue, as their slaves worship at their master s feet. morty points to the statue. eccledyke jumps and morphs into a tafight stag s shadow. his eyes glow. 
rick: (laughs) ha, whipped. just like at home. rick and morty walk up the temple. eccledyke starts to follow. 
rick: i know morty, should have waited until jerry came down. a moment later they catch up with jerry. 
rick: come on, let s go. 
rick: quit your bitching. you moan you don t have a job. moan you work. you need to sort workshy priorities out. 
rick: (clears throat) a-hem, congrats jerry for being the most bitch ass slave humanity has to offer this stupid lame ass planet. i guess drinks are on you when we get home. rick creates a portal. 
rick: quit your moaning. lets go. rick quickly brings out his gun and shoots his shadow. the ecclesdyke dies. it remains in the shadows, but returns back to it s original form. under surveillancerick and morty amateur. 
rick: they ll never learn. 
rick: the galactic federation s bitch. morty exits. 
rick: i ll have a martini, double. pronto. jerry subconsciously grabs the glass. under surveillancerick and morty 
rick: suit yourself. rick changes the channel. the end. 
rick: when s dinner? no one answers. jerry is watching a video on his phone of somebody else playing video games and commentating on it. 
rick: (to beth) hey beth, when s dinner? beth doesn t answer. she is watching a cat play with a ball of string. 
rick: can anybody hear me? no one answers. morty is watching a mr. poopy butthole cartoon on his phone. summer is texting. rick leaves the room and returns with a ray gun. shoots everyone s phones from their hands and they turn to ash in their hands. 
rick: that will teach all of you for ignoring me. 
rick: jerry why don t you try living life instead of watching somebody else react to one. oh yeah i forgot you re an unemployed loser. 
rick: whatever jerry, money is meaningless to me. beth when is dinner? 
rick: cool thanks. that s all i wanted to know. peace out! rick leaves the room. everyone sits in silence. 
rick: yeah, you d have to exist in the real world for a few minutes, what a drag. the family is eager behind jerry to get their phones. rick lags behind, doesn t want to be there. 
rick: really? there s a ray gun coverage clause in the insurance agreement? 
rick: hmm... sales-rep takes 4 new phones from the drawer. 
rick: something weird is going on here. 
rick: no day is jerry s lucky day. plus, insurance plans are inherently designed to screw you over. i knew something was off. give me your phone, jerry. 
rick: shut-belch-up. rick takes the phone and pulls a helmet from his pocket. the helmet has various color spectacles he can look through. rick cycles through them until he finds something interesting. 
rick: woah, that s weird. 
rick: here, go to town, jerry. jerry takes the phone. 
rick: hmm, just as i thought. 
rick: here put these bad-boys on morty. rick takes the lenses and pops them into a pair of sunglasses. morty takes the sunglasses and puts them on and looks at jerry. sees tentacles coming out from the phone and reaching up into jerry s eye sockets, sucking something from his skull. the phone then farts out an orange cloud-like jellyfish that floats out of the store and up into the sky. 
rick: they can t see without the sunglasses, morty. 
rick: it s like the movie they live morty, relax. we ve got to find out where that fart was going. come on! they take the phones from the family and run out of the phone store to rick s spaceship and fly off. jerry, beth and summer remain in the store and stare at the dead alien on the floor. 
rick: you were one of them like 5 minutes ago, morty. i have a feeling this has been going on for a while. look, the farts are flying up into space. rick pulls the ship up into the sky and out into space. the blue sky fades to black. they follow the orange clouds up to the moon and fly around to it s dark side. there is a crashed alien ship. a conspicuous antenna sits atop, receiving the jellyfish clouds from all over earth. 
rick: yeah it s like a bad m. night shamalan movie. burp. 
rick: ooh sweet burn morty! woop-woop! morty does the raise the roof dance. 
rick: raising the roof, nice one morty! 
rick: we ve seemed to have found the fountain of all internet garbage. they walk past the rooms. the aliens are filming cats playing with string. making memes. blogposts. instagram pictures of food and vacation scenery. one of the aliens is taking selfies-rick lifts his glasses and sees an attractive girl making a duck face. all the big internet celebrities are here. 
rick: i always wondered who made all this crap. i should have known it was aliens. no sane human would waste his time making this stuff for free. 
rick: maybe all of it, morty. in the next room an alien is cutting up videos to make gifs. 
rick: woah, woah, woah. did you say jifs? 
rick  (to the guards) : he says jifs. all the guards begin to laugh. morty looks down embarrassed. 
rick: we need to get to that antenna. 
rick: it s the engine morty. it looks like the ship runs on brainpower of some sort. 
rick: howard stern? 
rick: he was a radio dj in the 90 s. he had the biggest show in the world and he called himself the king of all media. 
rick: he would interview midgets and ask them if they had normal sized penises. 
rick: pretty much. 
rick: it was the 90 s, morty, we didn t have many options. 
rick: does she really laugh after everything you say? 
rick: that s explains why the earth is inundated by idiots all of a sudden. 
rick: whatever, do what you need to do. who am i to judge? how much more brainpower do you need to get out of here? 
rick and morty are locked in an alien jailcell, their hands in handcuffs. they are sitting back to back. 
rick: speak for yourself, morty. i ve still got my brain. they took my portal gun, but they left something even more powerful. reach in my pocket, nice and deep. morty reaches in hesitantly. 
rick: man up morty, those weren t even my testicles. morty whines in anticipation. then he feels something. 
rick: yeah, its my phone. morty hands it to him. 
rick: that s cause i m not glued to it all the time, morty. that s why i still have my brains. rick turns on the phone and starts to look for something. 
rick: the guards examined it, but gave it back to me. they don t know it has inter-universal capability. there s a universe, morty, where they make viral videos so addictive they re weaponized. all they do is show them to the enemy and they re so transfixed, all they can do is watch until they die. i ll lure the guard over. pretend to be sick morty. morty begins to moan and rock back and forth. guard, who appears to be an attractive girl-an instagram celeb-comes to the cell and looks inside. 
rick: you ve got to check on my grandson. i think he s sick. you ve got to help me for the love of god. the guard sighs and enters. 
rick: ah bless you kind stranger, so heartwarming to know there s still good people in the universe like you. morty moans and continues rocking. 
rick: eat viral m f ! rick shoves the phone in the guard s face. a pulsating, flashing light, pooping pink bunny video begins to play. the guard is transfixed as her eyes turn to swirls. rick grabs the keys from the guard... 
rick: thank you very much.... and frees himself and morty. rick grabs his ray gun from the locker as well as the sunglasses. 
rick: don t question it, burp, morty. morty looks at the guard just staring at the phone and feels bad for her. 
rick: you re right morty. he blasts the guard. 
rick: i need my phone. he picks up the phone from the dead girl s hand. 
rick: geez morty, you didn t seem have a problem with it before when they were aliens. you better put these back on. rick hands morty the sunglasses. he puts them on and the guard turns back to an alien. morty relaxes. 
rick: empathy was never really a problem for me... and it s more satisfying to shoot these internet celebrities to be honest with you. rick powers up his ray gun. 
rick and morty are pursued through the halls of the ship by the aliens. rick is firing at the aliens and being fired upon. (director can decide on the choreography for this.) they climb towards the top of the antenna up a spiral staircase. morty pushes an alien out a window. rick is planting explosives throughout the staircase. the pursuing aliens are right behind them! 
rick: my ship will be waiting for us up top, morty. then we ll set this whole place to blow. they get to the top and there s a throne room. howard is there waiting for them. behind him is a giant screen. howard raises his arm and the aliens guards respectfully back away and leave them alone. 
rick: he does have a point morty. 
rick: morty, i don t want to die. 
rick: but it s so compelling. morty takes the detonator from rick s hands. morty is about to push the button. just then morty is shot with blue force lighting. we turn to see it coming from howard stern s fingers. morty writhes in pain on the floor, he cries out in pain. rick hears morty s suffering and is snapped out of his daze. 
rick: hey! no one electrocutes my grandson but me! he opens fire on howard. howard dodges the shot and fires the force lighting at rick. rick and morty are now both entwined in the blue electricity. they re writhing in pain on the floor. rick i m sorry morty. i should have let you blow us up. morty shut up rick. this is all your fault. rick you re right morty. i take the blame for this one. totally my bad. in the corner robin looks at the two suffering on the floor, then looks to howard stern, then looks to the two suffering on the floor, then to howard stern. she turns and picks up howard stern, the blue electricity surging through her body. she carries him over to a bottomless shaft and throws him down. he screams as he falls and explodes in a flash of blue light. the explosion starts a chain reaction which begins to blow up the ship. the building begins to rumble. rick and morty lean up. 
rick: you saved us! 
rick: seriously, there s like a full seat just for you. 
rick and morty in rick’s space ship riding back to earth. they are silent for a few beats. 
rick: yeah that was really out of left field. 
rick: no, not at all. not even a little. 
rick: no, that was just plain old lazy writing. 
rick: we re home. 
rick: i sure do. rick tosses the phones to everyone. they all cheer. 
rick: but, you might be a little disappointed. 
rick: told you. 
rick: we ll have to wait and see morty, we ll have to wait and see. (musical montage) the family is around the table for dinner. it s 7 00 and everyone is happy and laughing. we see around the world people looking at their phones, but there s no new content. 
rick: wow, jerry, you went straight from trying to escape reality to being delusional. i have to hand it to you, i m impressed. 
rick: it wasn t a compliment. fortunately there s a reality where none of this happened and the versions of us that lives there dreams of living in a post-apocalyptic hellscape. also, everything on the internet is normal, you know, like it s not aliens sucking our brains out through our eyes or anything. the rick there contacted me and said we can make the switch right now. 
rick: you said it, morty. rick shoots his portal gun and a portal appears. an exact replica of the family walks out, wearing their normal clothes. 
rick: what time is dinner beth? beth immediately looks up from her phone. 
rick: i m glad you learned something, beth. i ll be in the garage. 
rick dips his face in a bowl of water. jerry enters, holds a playing card ripped in two. his focus remains on the card as he moves the smaller piece to where it tore off. 
rick: jerry, if you re going to answer the question you ve just asked, what s the point in asking it? 
rick: get out. i m sciencing. what you want is magic. try the magic shop. 
rick: (relieved, rhetorical) thank god he s gone, how did he know? a laser shoots out from the attached device, pointed at the glass bowl. annie, returns back to normal, covered in water. she spits out water, wrings out her hair, and pants for air. 
rick: i don t feel any different. have you been up to? what rick looks in a mirror, points to a wrinkle. 
rick: yawn. my sphincter could do with a touch up. 
rick: cyanobacteria don t live around there. you need to finish the job. we re conducting science, don t you forget that. let me see the test results. annie hands rick the clipboard. 
rick: it was an oversight. science is full of oversights. that s why we have numerous trials. 
rick: i choose to overlook your indiscretions. and that s saying something coming from me. 
rick: i want you to do your job. rick flips through the paperwork. he shakes his head, and jots down comments next to test results. 
rick: are you sure these results are accurate? he looks at a chart, and writes the latest results. a line graph underneath trends downwards. pointing downwards. he draws a dash 
rick: you d think!? it s looking that way. rick s mid-morning snack sits on top of the worktop. meat slices hang out of the overloaded sandwich. he slides the sandwich away from her. 
rick: look away. 
rick: it tasted better than that fake substitute you call food. you re welcome. 
rick: like a porn star, you can t live without it. you ready? 
rick: you- 
rick: just stick it up there and we ll find out. 
rick: (shakes head) women! too much talking. he rolls his finger along the floor, then puts his hand down his pants, maneuvers his finger. 
rick: that ought to do it. he sniffs his finger, then recoils his nose away. 
rick: woah, definitely. 
rick, morty and summer watch the television. morty holds the remote, and changes the channel. 
rick farts. 
rick: that s what i think of this newsreader. change the channel 
rick: morty, you know how much i hate this shit. morty changes it. 
rick: what is she doing? more than usual. i m farting he grabs his ass, and fondles. a squeak of a fart escapes. 
rick: i told him to try the magic shop. 
rick: your husband. if only you forgot about him this quickly when you first met. 
rick: it s a force field, morty. 
rick: your father has a habit of finding his way into my stuff. 
rick: he s a pest. gets into all your shit. breaks it. i ve got to create child proof locks for an adult. beth enters. she holds up the flier. 
rick: he s a what? that man can t even cook an egg. it just goes to show. 
rick: he s weak and susceptible to influence. at least he has a job now. 
rick: (angry) science is cool! magic is for the moment. for dumb minds that can t see magic for what it is. 
rick: for..... rick sees morty s innocence. 
rick: it s nothing morty. forget about it. summer enters. 
rick: it s not what you want morty. it s a fad. your friends next week will be onto the next fad. they ll forget about you and jerry. i won t forget. we could go on a mystery journey instead. morty takes the flier from summer. 
rick: for what it s worth sweetie, that man will never leave you, he s an annoying leech, and all up in your business. rick farts again. 
rick: geez. he grabs his butt. 
rick: it s getting worse, not better. the experiment s a failure. 
rick: (protective) who are you? why are you talking to my grandson? 
rick: you re dressed like a hooker. what kind of name is that? sounds like a dumb name. are you a dumb person? no! 
rick: dumb answer. (to morty) i m not speaking to this dumb person. why do you associate yourself with these types of people morty? rick turns his back on tina. 
rick: certainly random. 
rick: why did i come to this shit show? stupid smith more like. 
rick: tidy micro-bots. simple. jerry grabs three cups and a ball. places a ball under one cup, disappears, reappears under another cup. lame. 
rick: slight of hand. jerry grabs a bowl of water, and cracks an egg. a gold fish falls into the bowl. 
rick: staged. the audience claps. rick looks over his shoulder. 
rick: you re all fucking gullible. jerry grabs a page from a newspaper, rips it into four pieces, holds each piece behind each other, and gives it a shake. throws his arms open, and holds the reformed page. 
rick: it s another page, more slight of hand. how original. a trolley dolley walks down the aisle, and pushes a cart of food and drink. she s extremely overweight, the once tiny outfit has been stretched to it s limits. her flesh pokes through the gaps of her clothing, breasts overflow. 
rick: yikes! they ve really relaxed the standards here. that s an advert to stay away from junk food! summer looks over. 
rick: nothing happens, literally. jerry grabs the box from his assistant, flips it again, and hands the box back. the cards have returned, neatly center of the table. 
rick: no he s not. 
rick: he s using technology, not magic. 
rick: stupid, stupid, stupid. 
rick: that guy is seriously overcompensating. jerry gets out, whistles as he approaches the front door. beth holds a smartphone. 
rick: perfect timing, i m so hungry. rick, morty and summer exit. jerry enters. 
rick: shush you two. 
rick: (shocked, surprised) motherfucker. he won t for much longer. 
rick: ugh, makes me sick. rick packs the device away. 
rick: so close beth. shame. 
rick: i m off-ski. rick exits. 
rick: oh god, i think i m going to be sick. rick gags. summer and morty sit. jerry smiles, content in his happiness. 
rick: jesus jerry, take the compliment, stop with the semantics. 
rick: that shit show charlatans perform for the gullible. it s not magic, it s slight of hand bullshit and technology disguised as magic. jerry s smile disappears. 
rick: jealous? jealous? why you dumb piece of shit. you use the same magic as everyone else and expect me to clap for the same tricks used by your peers? if you want me to respect you, be original. your magic is so easy even morty can do it. 
rick: morty knows it. 
rick: thought you d never ask. rick exits. returns back. rick holds his hand up, his palm towards the ceiling. 
rick: i m holding up an invisible orb. you can t see it because it s using reflective light. he clicks his fingers, the orb appears. 
rick: it reacts to high pitched sounds, and now you can see it. he spins it, lets go, the orb remains on the spot. 
rick: as you can see, it floats. i spun it. you can t see that. looks impressive morty doesn t it? don t be fooled by this, it s just technology, pretty inexpensive off the shelf walmart quality tech. impressed jerry? 
rick: you cheeky bastard. 
rick: honestly, beth, i ve no idea how you live with this man-made disruptive slack-jawed human. i was getting to it jerry! rick clicks his fingers. the orb flies around the room. 
rick: it uses a preset flight path. and also contains sensors to prevent it from bumping into objects. the orb returns to rick, lands in his hand. he lets rip one of his finest farts. 
rick: ta-fucking-da. magic. beth covers her nose. dad! 
rick: real magic is the impossible. the how can it ever happen magic. like turning one object into another without using slight of hand. without using technology. turning water into ice using your hands. make fire out of thin air. cook an egg using your hands. use your imagination. 
rick: you don t do magic. 
rick: i m waiting. jerry stands up, looks at rick, looks to the ceiling, ponders, then paces back and forth. 
rick: still waiting. 
rick: o-kay. jerry puts his index fingers to his temple, closes his eyes. a moment later, opens them, clicks his fingers. annie magically reappears, expanding rick s pants. her once clean outfit has been stained mahogany color. 
rick: (shocked) shit! how the hell? 
rick and morty: 
rick watches tv with jerry on the couch. 
rick: (beat) we re doing this now? morty bursts in. 
rick: morty, just relax. 
rick: pimpin rick. 
rick: of course i know him morty. he s in charge of planet jessica. 
rick  (v. o.) : it s a small space resort in another dimension. 
rick  (v. o.) : pimpin rick kidnaps jessica s and brainwashes them into liking morty s. on the helmet, a visor comes down, showing pictures of morty. one picture is morty smiling. the helmet blinks green and jessica sighs in pleasure. 
rick  (v. o.) : use your brain for once morty, what do all pimps want? 
rick: fat stacks and dead presidents bitch! 
rick: it s probably too late morty. plus, she probably gives fewer shits about you than i do about her. 
rick: come on morty, don t be that guy. 
rick: aw man, that s a good one jerry. 
rick: that s it? that s how you convince me? jerry joins morty in front of the tv. okay now that s just dirty. 
rick: oh no, don t tell me you actually like this place. look over there. a tentacle jessica wraps herself around a morty. you like that morty? you like tentacle porn? 
rick: look at that! two morty s make out with each other. oh my god. jerry 
rick: that s messed up on so many levels. is it incest? clonecest? i-i don t even know morty! 
rick: here. this is a memory-wiper. i ve configured it to erase any neurotransmitters having to do with morty. if you shoot jessica with this, it ll undo her brainwashing by making her forget everything about you. and probably this place as well. watch this. he shoots giant head jessica with the memory-wiper. she pulls away from slimy cancer morty. 
rick: ahem, morty here would like to spend time with his jessica. she was recently kidnapped a few hours ago. 
rick: for the obedience training. 
rick: it s okay, morty s got this. right morty? sure rick. morty 
rick: (to jerry) see? he doesn t need you--i mean us. he doesn t need us. j-9a leads morty down the hall. rick looks around. no one s that close. he stealthily points his laser gun at front desk jessica. make one sound and i ll end your fucking life. 
rick: don t be a morty, jerry. (to jessica) do you know where pimpin rick is? she nods. 
rick: (to jessica) that ll be enough. front desk jessica nods and walks back. rick turns and shoots her in the head. 
rick: oh really? you re one to talk. 
rick: i don t know, it sounds pretty favorable compared to a humiliating life of pleasing infinite versions of my sex-obsessed grandson. 
rick: is that how you justify making a colony of brainwashed, sex-slaved, under-aged girls? 
rick: that was completely different and you know it. 
rick: maybe it fucks with me. 
rick: (in pain) jesus morty, we came here to save her, not have sex with her. 
rick: (to pimp) i don t get it, how can you be around half-naked morty s all the time? it s disgusting. (shudders) you don t wanna know. 
rick: i don t know, take a wild guess. 
rick: yes i wiped it, wasn t that obvious? what? morty 
rick: oh my god, what, would you all like a fucking explanation? 
rick: shut up morty, i was doing you a favor. 
rick: yes morty, you ve been here before, and these sick fucks twisted the fuck out of your fucking heart and you fucking begged me to wipe your memory. is that good enough for you? i-i--morty 
rick: shut the fuck up, you re the reason we re all here right now."planet jessica" 
rick: (to head jess) why don t you explain what you did? huh? maybe that s how you ll show your love for him. head jess gives rick a look. 
rick: oh my god. hope you re ready for an exposition dump morty, because it s about to get dumped all over you. end of act one"planet jessica" 
rick: (still in pain) you asked if there was a dimension where jessica liked you. i showed you the cheap advertising i got for this place. 
rick: oh my god, can you all get over yourselves? it s just morty. i mean look at him. morty stands there in his underwear. 
rick: why not steal a morty from a universe where he didn t die? we did. pimpin rick 
rick: morty, you begged me to wipe your memory. head jess hiccups. are you gonna keep (burp) doing that because it s gotten (burp) really old. 
rick: jerry thank god you re here, take out that morty and help us escape! 
rick: whoa, i thought you were ugly from a distance but now that i see you--you re butt ugly. i mean seriously, your beth must ve had sex with a literal butt to give birth to a grotesque, ugly fart like you. jerry gets in the chair. jerry what re you doing? 
rick: igor morty is touched. 
rick and jerry are strapped to their chairs, with a clockwork orange-like headpiece stretching their eyes open. in front of them is a screen showing pictures of jessica and the word“obey.” 
rick: what is this, a clockwork orange? i bet you re gonna have me drink some obscure british drug milk too. no. 
rick: do you really think morty s gonna love a psychopath like you? 
rick: that s it, when i get out of here, i m literally blowing up the place. i m gonna get on that computer and--head jess pours shampoo on rick s head. she washes his hair with her fingers. are you literally brainwashing me? wh-what is that, some chemical that ll seep into my head and force me to do whatever you ask? 
rick: are fucking kidding me? morty and jessica bust into the lab. they see rick and jerry strapped to the brainwashing chairs, and head jess next to them. morty, you gotta kill this bitch! head jess points a laser gun at rick. 
rick: thank god, she was getting on my nerves. literally. (he twitches) igor morty helps rick and jerry out of the chairs. fart morty? 
rick: okay. before we go i gotta do something. rick runs to pimp s desk. he types some commands. he fidgets with the computer and builds a simple remote with a lone, red button. he looks at the computer. a red screen displays self-destruct planet jessica? 
rick: sure morty, whatever you say. rick zaps open a portal. igor waves goodbye as they leave. the portal closes. igor hears a beep. he walks over to pimp s desk and sees the red self-destruct screen. oh geez. 
rick and jerry watch from the sidewalk. morty, still wearing the gimp suit, stands with jessica in front of her house. morty. 
rick: don t talk crap, summer. in most other galaxies, dictatorships are the way forward. our stupid, arbitrary earth politics and elections are a waste of time--anyone who votes is a jackass. jerry walks past wearing a sticker that says i voted. 
rick: they just do. some places have it sweet. there s a planet that s run by this. surfer dude and it s like, y know, (burp) a paradise or whatever. 
rick: summer, would you stop asking so many stupid questions; it s really not a good use of my time to answer them. (burp) they re not enslaved, they re all living in like their own palaces and shit. 
rick: not palaces like these ones. these palaces. oh, boy he looks into the distance, fondly. 
rick: well, normally i would relish anytime not spent taking my grandkids on an inter-galactic educational tour, particularly a political one. but, listen, i ve been looking for something to do today. (sighs) screw it. rick shoots his portal gun at the wall, the green portal appears and the three of them step through it. 
rick: it s planet dude, run as a dudetatorship by emperor dude--also known as the dudetator . it s basically a regular dictatorship, but ran by just an all round chilled out dude. (beat) he s a bit of a c--an intrusive rumbling sound renders him inaudible. a giant, guitar-shaped spaceship lands in front of them. the door slams opens and out steps a california surfer dude type--think otto from the simpsons crossed with owen wilson--long, blonde hair, swim shorts, shirtless, shark tooth necklace, etc., but his bottom-half is also octopus-like. 
rick: yeah whatever. i m just teaching my stupid grandkids about intergalactic politics or something.. 
rick: (hushed) listen, morty, we re not staying long, ok? we ll just take a look around, i ll. hook up with that dream spouse he mentioned and then we ll head out. (to dude) hey, dude. who s a guy have to blow to get his dream spouse around here? 
rick: yeah, well, don t get too used to it, morty. if you stay here too long you ll turn into one of those annoying--. emperor dude enters, smoking a joint. 
rick: oh, man. that s a real (burp) cronenburg of a mess down there. 
rick: must be emperor dick of the dicktatorship regime. time to bail, guys. rick takes his portal gun out of his dressing down. 
rick: that s not our problem, morty. 
rick: (ignoring summer) ok, ok, whatever. (to emperor dude) what s the plan (beat) dude? 
rick: (burp) god damn it, summer. one, we re not on earth. two, who do you think? look out the freakin window. he s the tator of the freakin dick soldiers out there. tator is that a word? can i use that as a noun in that context? 
rick: (sighs) politics. cut to 
rick, morty, summer, and emperor dude are running down the street. rick and dude fire lasers at the dicktator’s penis shaped soldiers. 
rick: listen, morty. make yourself useful and (burp) shoot some of these guys for me will you? rick hands a laser gun to morty. morty shoots a soldier, but another one grabs him from behind. rick and emperor dude wrestle the soldier off of morty. while rick is distracted, several dick-soldiers run up and grab summer and drag her away. summer!! morty 
rick: they re not cocksuckers though are they? as in, they don't suck themselves. as they are literally cocks. 
rick: listen, morty. these guys are a whole army. we don t stand much chance of rescuing summer without some reinforcements. reinforskinments? nah--clutching at straws. 
rick: oh, man. not her. another platoon of soldiers rounds the corner firing at the trio. come on, bros. we gotta hightail it. the dudetator presses a button on his electronic device and a giant surfboard rounds the corner. it knocks down the soldiers. surfs up! dudetator
rick: this is what you re driving these days? the three of them hop off the surfboard and board the ship that is shaped like a giant pair of sunglasses. 
rick: can we hurry this up a little?! 
rick: get out of the way. rick runs over to the ship s control panel, shoving the dudetator to one side, he grabs the steering wheel and pilots the ship off of dudetatorship s planet. 
rick: (shudders) i hate this place. 
rick: it s the ladytatorship s planet. run by the ladytator. possibly the most dominating dictatorship of the whole galaxy. 
rick: (unenthused) hello, abigail. this is my grandson, morty. 
rick: yup. pretty much. dudetator 
rick: keep up, morty. 
rick: that s a good point. 
rick: my granddaughter. 
rick, morty, and dudetator stand outside the sunglasses dudeship. it looks rather busted, emitting smoke. in the background, hundreds of female soldiers, dressed in pink metal armour, carrying guns, run past in a line and enter large, blimp-like war ships. 
rick: not to worry, guys. i got this one. rick takes out his portal gun and blasts it in front of them. the green, swirling portal appears. 
rick: huh. you know what, morty, i was so freakin out of it after (burp) banging those two robot-girls, that it totally slipped my mind. 
rick: hey! lay off, morty. i remembered that i have it now. so, y know, no big deal, right? we ll portal into the dick infested planet, rescue summer and then. ignore politics for rest of our lives, like every normal american. the three of them run into the portal. 
rick, morty, and dudetator portal onto a planet where everyone has a pair of lips for a face. 
rick: whoops. looks like i took us to lip-tatorship by accident. haha. about that, huh, morty? how camera pans round to show several giant pairs of lips trying to eat morty. he is struggling to get away. 
rick: all right, all right. rick shoots the lips and they release morty. rick then fires his portal gun again, the three of them step through the portal. 
rick, morty, and dudetator portal onto a planet where the floor is made of glue. they lift up their feet one by one, a trail of sticky glue is revealed underfoot. horses gallop in the distance. a giant slug approaches them. 
rick: this must be glue-tatorship. nearly there. we re 
rick: rick shoots his portal gun and they step through once again. 
rick, morty, and dudetator arrive on planet potatorship, or, as it is pronounced, ’potato chip’.. potato chips walk around eating bags of people. (this is a homage to the pizza universe in the close rick-counters of the rick kind.) 
rick: i liked the pizza one better. he fires the portal gun once again and they step through to... 
rick: this is a real sausage fest. 
rick: yeah whatever. see ya later, phil. (to morty) let s go, morty! rick chucks morty a laser gun and the two of them run through the carnage, blasting the dick soldiers with lasers. slow motion shot; gangster rap music plays. 
rick: let s head to the main palace. morty! come on,. morty is struggling to fend off a group of dick-soldiers. rick blasts them all with his gun and the two run off down the street toward the palace. 
rick: (whispering) come on, morty. this way. they sneak down the corridor and pass the bathroom. emperor dick is sat in a bubble bath, surrounded by candles. lounge-jazz music plays. he drives a penis-shaped rubber duck around the bath. 
rick: nice work, morty. those two dicks. you really nailed 
rick: morty, what the hell are you doing? didn t you just shoot him? why 
rick: well in this case the easiest way was in fact the best. 
rick: yeah, whatever. come on. out of here. we re getting 
rick: doesn t really look like they need out help, huh, morty? hmm. 
rick: give it up, emperor! it s over. 
rick: this is the very end. there s like two minutes left of the show and we still need to wrap up that stuff with jerry and beth. fine. 
rick: (to morty) sounds like someone contracted a little stockholm syndrome, ey, morty? 
rick: rick shoots him and he explodes. dude and ladytator, having finished fighting, walk over to rick, morty, and summer. 
rick: (to lady and dude) well, we better be getting back. see you guys next time there s an election and these two idiots start asking me stupid questions again.. 
rick: ignore politics until it s too late? exactly. 
rick: you guys sorted out your sub- 
rick: don t blame me. i m not the one who decided to sell a wastel made by a college dropout with no tongue. 
rick: you wouldn t know, wouldn t you, morty? not with this trash bread as a reference. 
rick: nothing is fine in medieval times, morty. they have more in common with kalandixian cockfighting than a medieval kingdom. 
rick: i dabbled in the fantastic arts. i spent 3 months in a medieval fantasy kingdom once. i told them i m a wizard. i was hot shit. i lived with the king and shit. 
rick: a bit freudian, isn t it, summer? also, who takes their girlfriend to taco bell? 
rick: i ll prove it. then. we ll visit hussielot right now. rick opens a portal without looking, the portal slices off a corner of the table. morty and summer are taken aback. 
rick: blame your sister, morty. 
rick, morty and summer walk through the heavily wooded area. tiny alien-looking animals run away as they step. rick pulls out a laser machete and cuts their way through. 
rick: huh, this place was a slum last time i ve been here. 
rick: 30-31 years? i was on a lot of frog-extract back then. 
rick: the king of hussielot isn t into environmentalism and helpful shit, summer. he was a brutal man. 
rick: he was like 25 back then, he d probably be dead by now. hussielot is a... it s a real shithole, morty. rick cuts through the last batch of vines and reveals the kingdom beyond. it is a technological paradise, with tall buildings full of hanging forests. high-tech ships and laser walkways extend through the sky. a giant metallic ring hangs above the city, with ships coming and going in droves through a portal in its center. summer if this place is a genuine medieval shithole than medieval times is an 11yo s fanfiction. rick grumbles. 
rick, morty and summer are walking through the stone paved streets of hussielot. the people in the marketplace are clean and healthy looking, and aliens walk among them. 
rick: looks like hussielot had quite the renaissance since i ve been here. 
rick: shut up, summer. i m like a celebrity here. a few guards approach. they re wearing high-tech looking medieval armor and carrying laser swords. 
rick: i m no stranger, bucko. i m fucking scientos. the guards do not react. 
rick: told you. 
rick, summer and morty, accompanied by the guards, walk through the royal palace. paintings are hanging off the walls alongside holographic images depicting various events from the history of hussielot. the events include their first encounter with aliens, and how the aliens helped build their new improved society. one of the paintings depicts a young rick in a wizard outfit standing over a slain red dragon with testicle-like growths on its chin. the king walks in surrounded by guards. he is wearing a techno head brace and sports a healthy head of red hair and beard. his granddaughter, princess dowry, walks besides him. she is wearing a cute sci-fi-fantasy fusion dress. morty is smitten with the princess. 
rick: hello, your majesty. i actually go by rick these days. and these two are my uncouth grandkids morty and summer. they didn t believe i used to be in your majesty s royal court. king scientos here was the wisest of my advisors. his inventions brought us prosperity and allowed us to vanquish the dragon race once and for all. 
rick: yeah... rick looks around the advanced surroundings. 
rick: you re welcome for that. say, you wouldn t be having lunch soon? i told my grandkids they ll get to try authentic hussielotian cuisine. 
rick: yeah, sure. whatever. 
rick: it s just things used to be more... organic back in our days. 
rick: exactly. 
rick: i mean, maybe. but that s what made this place so um... charming. 
rick: the pit of champions? 
rick: i m not responsible for this cultural genocide. 
rick: you ll get your chance to see dragons in a second... and... there. rick shoots his portal gun at the balcony, opening a portal. 
rick: the real hussielot. the genuine article. 
rick: summer? 
rick: so we re off. rick jumps into the portal. summer turns towards morty. 
rick and summer are sneaking through the halls, trying to avoid detection by guards wearing a much more simplistic version of the same outfit worn by the guards in the other hussielot. 
rick: not here. here we really are strangers. summerso? just introduce yourself to the king as a wizard again like you did last time. they ll be extra impressed this time since you re so old. 
rick: great jab, but it s not what i m aiming to do. 
rick: getting thrown in the pit of champions. rick kicks in a door. summer covers her face. 
rick and summer are sitting in a dungeon with a bunch of other brutes and prisoners. summer is crouching in the corner in plain medieval clothes. 
rick: don t worry. it s gonna be fun. we ll do some killing and after that we ll storm the castle and take back my portal gun. and if not, i programmed it to find us. summerwe re not going to survive that long! you re not a swordsman! i m not a swords... girl. 
rick: no, you re a whiny swords baby. but by the time we re done, you ll grow up to be a sword woman. 
rick: great, you started a cultural revolution, summer. now i m gonna have to kill him first. 
rick: you heard the woman, summer. 
rick: you wanted a genuine medieval experience, well here it is. 
rick: shut up, summer. summer s tenacity takes the upper hand on rick. the queen seems to be quite entertained. 
rick: oh yeah, i forgot. dragons are still alive in this universe. 
rick: relax, i taught you my lesson, it s time to go home. the countdown reaches 0. rick s portal gun flies off of the queen s hands and he catches it in a cool action pose before catching the laser machete in a similar manner. 
rick: are we done here? what is here? 
rick: yeah, i figured. 
rick: listen, kingy. your majesty. i realized today that i tend to be kind of a hypocrite sometimes. 
rick: what? summer! i was just gonna apologize. 
rick: great, let s fuck off, then. 
rick: want me to heat it up again? 
rick: we can always go to medieval times to get new ones. 
rick, summer and morty are sitting at the table, eating very inauthentic belgian waffles and pancakes. a robber wearing a wizard hat and halloween mask barges into the building, waving his gun around. 
rick: now this is an authentic waffle house experience! 
rick: you're always freaking out morty. i've learned to tune it out. 
rick: a ghost? don't be an idiot, ghosts aren't real. 
rick: they don't believe in ghosts, because vampires aren't idiots. 
rick:--ugh alright alright. pipe down already. on the off chance that this"ghost"of yours is real, i ll make you a uhhh, anti-ghost... uhh.. bullet. rick starts making the bullet on his work bench. 
rick: well when you gotta kill a werewolf you use silver bullets right? this is the same, you know, similar kind of thing. morty wait, werewolves are real? 
rick: of course not morty! don't be an idiot! okay there, done. rick loads the anti-ghost bullet into a revolver he pulls from an ankle holster. he tosses it over his shoulder to morty without looking. 
rick: the first bullet in there is a psychokinetic round that should kill any apparition-ey kind of thing you come across. next time the ghost shows up, just hit it with that. 
rick: don't mention it. oh and be careful, the second bullet is a regular one. 
rick: i've got a secret for you jerry, she doesn't decide what she wants you to do until you've already done something. jerrywhat? 
rick: if you didn't help her with her bags she'd accuse you of being selfish and say that's why she's leaving. since you did help, she went with the smothering thing instead. and the only common factor here is your willingness to internalize any shit that gets pushed your way. jerry drops the suitcase, hangs his head, and turns to walk away. rick notices and rolls his eyes in irritation. 
rick: ugghh. okay jerry i ll tell you what. you guys divorcing would be pretty inconvenient to my living situation so i ve got an idea. 
rick: you need some perspective. so let's me and you right now go to the best strip club in the multi-verse! 
rick: she said it herself didn't she? she needs space. jerryright but i don't-- 
rick:--so if going to stay with a friend that lives eight blocks from here is helping, then obviously going to a galactic strip club twenty lightyears away would work even better! 
rick: can't sneak anything past you jerry. okay how about this. you like star wars right? 
rick: you know how star wars takes place long ago in a galaxy far far away? 
rick: spend two hours at the strip club and i'll take you to that galaxy. jerryno way! really! can we go to endor? 
rick: sure whatever. do we have a deal? 
rick: jesus christ jerry, endor? no wonder she left. 
rick and jerry walk through "human-boobs", the human themed alien strip club. jerry is wearing his jedi robes. 
rick: alright what do you think! 
rick: two hours was the deal. and the timer doesn't start until you stop complaining. here check this out! rick leads jerry over to two vending machines under a sign that reads"fantasy scanner". 
rick: this machine will scan your brain for your dirtiest, raunchiest fantasy and then put you in a virtual reality world where you can experience it! 
rick: alright lets do this! here's yours. just go in that booth and put this ticket in the machine. rick hands jerry a ticket and the two walk into separate booths. rick puts his ticket in and hit's the"start"button. the walls of the booth fade away. 
rick is sitting in front of a stage watching a blonde stripper pole-dance. 
rick: this is it? i feel like my brain can be a lot raunchier than this. when the stripper turns around rick sees it's a virtual reality beth. 
rick: oh jesus christ! 
rick: what the hell is this!? he pulls the ticket back out of the machine. it's stamped with a picture of jerry. rickoh god damn it. you grabbed the wrong ticket jerry, you idiot! arrg it's going to take me forever to get that image out of my head. rick gets out of his booth and starts walking around to jerry's. 
rick: and is your raunchiest fantasy seriously your own wife stripping for you? i mean there's"vanilla"and then there's"flavorless". jerry crawls out of the booth in a state of shock clenching the other ticket in his hand. he's shivering so hard he has trouble standing up. 
rick: oh boy. how we doin'jerry? you okay? what did you see? jerry slowly turns his thousand yard stare towards rick. 
rick: can you hear me jerry? do you still want to go to endor? jerry shakes his head no. 
rick: you want to get a drink? 
rick: okay jerry, i don't know exactly what you saw in there but it's probably best for both of us if you forget it, so take these. rick pours three vials of glowing liquid into jerry's glass. the substance violently fizzles and and steams on contact. 
rick: this will make you forget everything that happened today. drink it. jerry snatches the glass off the table chugs the entire thing in one gulp. 
rick: it's called a roofie jerry. i bought them from the bum behind the seven-eleven. rick's phone gets a call from morty. 
rick: what up. 
rick: i'm twenty lightyears away, can this wait? 
rick: uggh. rick hangs up the phone and shoots a portal. jerry is lying face down on the bar top. 
rick: hold on a sec i'll be right back. and try not to swallow your tongue. int. rick's garage-day 
rick: alright, what's so important. 
rick: that s why you called me here? do you see me wearing a chauffeur hat morty? 
rick: no you don t. and there s a very specific reason for that. 
rick: no an emergency is what you called me away from. your dad is alone in an alien bar having a mental breakdown. it's not a safe place for someone in his state of mind. or just his mind in general. 
rick: the mall? are you kidding me? what kind of emergency could possibly necessitate you going to the mall?. you run out of yellow shirts? rick punches buttons into his portal gun and fires a portal onto the wall. 
rick: there. don't ever pull this crap again morty. 
rick: and my garage is off limits by the way! i thought i ve been like, super clear on that! 
rick sees that morty is calling, and rolls his eyes before hitting ignore. 
rick: how we doing man? 
rick: of course i was right. jerryshe doesn't want a sidekick, she wants a partner. and i've always known that but it's scary to rock the boat when our relationship is hanging on by a thread. right now she hates me, but not enough to leave. what if the transition from the jerry i am to an assertive jerry she'd like more is so rocky she leaves before it's over? 
rick: life is risk jerry, you'll get there one day. 
rick: well let's not be dramatic. 
rick: my brain? glass houses jerry. jerryno, i'm not going to settle for the bare minimum anymore. for her sake and mine, i'm going to be better. i'm going to make myself the man we both want me to be! 
rick: i m really happy you had this little break through jerry, but i'll remind you that you took a triple dose of roofies like half an hour ago. so try to enjoy your new perspective while you can still remember it. 
rick: see jerry? all you needed was some space. also i guess a massivetragedy never hurts when trying to bring people together. kind of got lucky with the timing on that one. summer is leafing through a catalog of prosthetic legs. morty walks over to rick and tugs on his jacket. 
rick: jesus, you look like hell. 
rick: what morty, is there another emergency ? where do you have to go this time? amusement park? 
rick: jesus morty only you could stutter when not speaking. morty 
rick: i love our little talks morty! rick snags a bouquet of flowers off a passing cart and brings them to summer. 
rick: (belch) let s go, morty. 
rick: seriously, morty? where? is there any place in the cosmos less boring than this room? morty gets up to leave. 
rick: cause i built a spaceship with my huge brain-the same brain that tells me not to bring you along. rick and morty leave. 
rick and morty sit in the front of the ship as they approach a tiny, industrialized, orange planet. 
rick: i told you, morty. straight ahead there is the planet diddlydat. it s a storage facility for brain saves. 
rick: yeah, they save brains, morty. you can pay them to download all the information from your brain and save it to a new brain. then, when you inevitably die a pathetic death, they put your brain into a new body and activate it, morty. 
rick: (belch) jesus morty, yes! how complicated is this? cloning, replicating, whatever you wanna call it. this is the human equivalent of backing up your hard drive. 
rick: ugh, they re not just copies, they re you in every meaningful way. are you anti-immortality? 
rick: brain saves are a completely natural step of evolution, morty. humans used to be stuck with just one option for eternal life-spitting out disappointing kids that vaguely resemble them. now, with just a single brain cell, we can make exact replicas of our best and brightest intergalactic specimens, namely, me. the ship lands, and a muffled noise comes from the back. 
rick: so this is why my parsecs-per-gallon were so crappy. jerry, beth, and summer crawl out of the crawlspace and into the rear seats. 
rick: no way you re coming with. you snuck onto my ship, now you re gonna stay here and guard it. enjoy the view or whatever. it s not my fault you can t entertain your family. rick and morty exit. 
rick and morty approach a group of the orange creatures operating a security checkpoint. one of them greets rick andmorty. 
rick: one brain save. let s make this quick. 
rick: no. 
rick: see, morty? this is valuable stuff. 
rick: how substantial are we talking? 
rick: jesus! last year it was 500 micro-glibs! 
rick: i can t afford that! come on, morty, let s go home and pretend we re not dying. morty gives a sigh of relief. rick and morty walk back to the ship. sciddilyscat looks around suspiciously at the other aliens. he sneaks off to grab rick before they leave. 
rick: i m listening... 
rick: what s your point? 
rick: and you want me to fix them? 
rick: (unimpressed) look, i m all in favor of fighting monsters, but i can t just go around constantly saving planets. it ll ruin my"interstellar fugitive"reputation. 
rick: a revenge mission? (belch) hmm... i could get behind that. i m in. 
rick: whaddaya say, morty? wanna break into a brain fortress, morty? wanna kill a super villain, morty? all for my own selfish reasons, morty?? 
rick: (belch) we re doing it, morty. commercial break. 9. 
rick and morty peek around the corner, into the repository. it’s a giant underground library filled with countless bookshelves holding glass jars of brains. every 10 feet, there is a body blank - a nondescript body ready to accept a brain and become activated. at the opposite end of the repository is a brain labeled vern-dor schplern-mor. 20 diddlydat guards and security checkpoints stand in between them and vern-dor schplern-mor. one diddilydat takes a dna sample and places it in a slot to download the info to a blank brain. another diddilydat takes a brain off the shelf and places it into a body blank. the body quickly morphs into a humanoid figure, and it walks out of the repository. 
rick: relax, morty. he s probably got a brain save. the only reason diddilydats developed this technology is because they re so easy to kill. they re like the opposite of cockroaches. 
rick: we re not gonna get caught, because i m the smartest being in the universe, and i will always out-maneuver these simple-minded creatures! rick and morty keep running until a diddlydat guard jumps out in front of them. 
rick: bad example, alright, morty? i m still f king brilliant! i m gonna outsmart every guard in here! 
rick is ruthlessly pummeling a dozen diddilydat guards. he picks one of them up and uses him as a bowling ball to knock down three others. rick continues to festively beat the helpless diddilydats to oblivion. morty holds himself in the fetal position in the corner. two diddilydats argue with each other. 
rick: (gasping for air) i m the sm-the smartest- (belch) smartest guy, right here (belch). i m the smartest. rick takes a swig from his flask. 
rick: so you re in favor of brain saves now? 
rick: jeez, morty. you don t see any value in saving memories? are you against books too? you re doing great things for society, morty. 
rick: (upset) yeah, morty! i think i m really smart, morty! and that endorsement really means something. you know why, morty? because it came from me, and i m (belch) smart, morty!! 
rick: happy, morty? let s get outta here so i can get my free save. rick and morty head for the exit, but a giant glass door slams shut, blocking their way. sciddilyscat stands on the other side of the door. 
rick: what gives? i just got your (belch) revenge for you. open up. 
rick: so you wanna destroy this place? great! i don t care! just let us out! 
rick: quiet, morty! 
rick: thanks for that brilliant input, morty! no wonder you don t like brain saves-you ve never had a single thought worth saving in your life! commercial break. 
rick, morty, jerry, beth, and summer are locked inside. the fire continues to grow. 
rick: i don t know, morty! let me think! 
rick: quiet! everyone quiet! do you want me to save your lives, or pretend to sympathize about missing a party that you weren t even invited to? 
rick: that s right! 
rick: morty!! they run after him, and find morty pushing a brain labeled"klom-klom"into a body blank. 
rick: what re you doing, morty? 
rick: (to morty) so you are in favor of brain saves! 
rick: dammit, morty. i wanna eviscerate you for flip-flopping, but we re actually on the same page here. rick grabs a brain labeled"lesterplatt"and puts it into a body blank. 
rick: (yelling to no one in particular) only doing this cause i don t wanna (belch) die! clearly not admitting my own limitations and reaching out to others for assistance! rick s blank morphs into a yellow alien that looks like a spider, but with elephant trunks for legs. 
rick: can you get us out of here? 
rick: then go forth and multiply! lesterplatt sprints up and down the repository, randomly putting brains into body blanks. everyone does the same, and they yell at the newly activated bodies, looking for help. morty activates philoso-ferby, a pink ferby doll. 
rick: you activated a philosopher?! we re trying to escape real life danger, morty, not design inspirational posters! rick activates pinyottoman, a colorfully decorated ottoman. 
rick: how do we get outta here?! 
rick: (screaming out to everyone) how do we get outta here?! a reactivated female diddilydat comes forward. 
rick: how do you know that? 
rick: pinyottoman! noo! 
rick: sciddilyscat was right! vern-dor schplern-mor had backups! they continue down the hidden hallway. 
rick, morty, jerry, beth, summer, and the tiddilytat enter a concrete room with a glass exit hatch on the ceiling. there are more brains and body blanks lining the walls. 
rick: again?! why haven t you left yet?! what s wrong with you?! i m framing you for destroying my home planet. did you think i would sciddilyscat let you escape? i will have justice, or-sciddilyscat sees tiddilytat and freezes. 
rick: revenge is satisfying, morty, not pretty, or even logical. beth tries to climb through the exit, but she can t fit through. she gets down to the floor again. 
rick: let s go, beth! right now! 
rick: you can t save him! it s too late! beth gets an idea. she rips off the part of her sleeve where jerry had wiped his head blood. she grabs a blank brain and stuffs the sleeve into the slot. 
rick: beth! now or never! rick, morty, and summer jump through the portal. beth grabs a body blank and jams the brain in. the body starts to morph. beth throws the body through the portal, then dives through the portal herself, just barely escaping the flames. the portal closes behind her. in the background, a string of eight lie detectors get blown to pieces while calling each other liars. the planet diddilydat erupts in an apocalyptic explosion, destroying everything in sight. 
rick: (sarcastic) hurray. we wiped out the greatest knowledge repository in the history of intelligent (belch) life. but thank god jerry s alright. (belch) the end. 
rick: i think we all know why morty s still in his room and hasn t come down for dinner yet. rick makes jerk-off motions. 
rick: fuck yeah! 
rick: as if that s even possible. what what! he tries to give summer a high five but she just sits there with her arms folded. jerry sighs loudly. 
rick: we established that five minutes ago, jerry. burps we re on to a whole nother sha-bang-a-bang now. jerry walks away muttering to himself. cut to 
rick: whoa, i am not that kind of grandpa. summer is in the middle of eating and abruptly drops her fork full of food. 
rick: fine. burps i ll go see what, w-what handy mc-mcmasterbates wants. cut to 
rick: whoa, morty. i-i don t know what kind of vibes i was giving off on our last adventure but... 
rick bursts in. morty is sitting on the bed with his pants down, socks on, and a laptop on his lap. in the corner of his room is a stone cherub with a comb-over and creepy smile. his hands are reaching towards morty. 
rick: holy angel fuck! cut to 
rick: alright, morty, j-just stay calm. and whatever you do, don t stop jerking off! 
rick: geez, morty. have some goddamn humility. do you know how old i am? do you know how many times i ve made god cry in my life? huh? d-do you? cuz it s a whole lot, morty... a whole lot. 
rick: everybody jerks off, morty. everybody. every fucked up space creature. every planet. e-every dimension. every alternate timeline. hell, i ve been to dimensions where it s weird to not constantly jerk-off. burps spent a few months there and still, despite my incessant need to always have my hand on my penis, was seen as a non-masturbating creep to everyone in that dimension and was burps forced out. look, what i m saying is, i ve never met anyone who didn t masturbate. case closed. cut to 
rick: well, it ll keep getting closer unless you start jerking off again. 
rick: look, morty. we ve done a lot of dimension hopping together, and sometimes the residual dimensional energy you pick up can be transferred through electronics. it seems like this time, you accidentally accessed the dark matter net and set one of these bad boys loose. 
rick: that s what they all say. besides,"reddit means something completely different on the dark matter net, morty. trust me, there s some super dark shit on there, morty. suuuuper dark shit. like super dark shit so super burps fucking dark y-you didn t even think you wanted to see it! it changes you, morty... 
rick: they re called,"peeping cherubs."one of the oldest, burps and therefore creepiest creatures in the whole freakin universe. they re quantum trapped until someone accesses their cloud on the dark matter net. once that happens, they re invisible to the naked eye unless someone around them starts jerking off. the only reason we can see this one now is because you still have your hand on your junk and it thinks you re masturbating. but these things are fucking smart, morty. i-it ll figure out soon enough that you aren t and then... 
rick: then you re fuuuuuuucked, morty. 
rick: oh, you won t die, morty. burps i mean you will, but it ll just be excruciatingly horrifying. 
rick: see, morty, these things, th-they feed off of potential"masturbatory energy."i-imagine every last drop of that happy juice you were trying to get out manually earlier being sucked out involuntarily. and, a-and not the good kind of sucking either, morty. imagine you juiced an orange and the orange had a skeleton and every time you made orange juice, burps you had a skeleton left over. now imagine that b-but ten billion times worse and with your jizz and skeleton. a bird appears on the windowsill next to the peeping cherub. a beat later, the bird explodes. blood and semen fly everywhere. kinda like that. burps but worse. morty starts crying. 
rick: better save up you might need anyway, i need figure out how mess. those tears, morty. em later. burps to go refill and to take care of this 
rick: calm down, morty. these things don t strictly target burps the rick underage. we re all real fucked if we don t figure this out. just give me some time. 
rick: geez, morty. h-haven t you been listening to literally anything i ve been fucking saying? morty turns his attention to the cherub and shakes nervously. oh. right. that thing. just just keep your hand on your morty. for the love of god. your. hand. on. your. dick. peace! burps dick, keep. (beat). rick leaves, slamming the door behind him. cut to 
rick is at his work bench constructing something. jerry knocks and walks in. 
rick: let me ask you something, jerry. w-why the hell even knock if you re just gonna walk in anyway? huh? e-either knock o-or just come in! 
rick: sage advice, huh? r-really, really digging deep for burps that one, jerry. i m kinda doing something important here. can it wait? 
rick: what happened this time? 
rick: spit it out, jerry. shit is about to hit the fan in a big way. y-you understand? diarrhea is about to get all up in the central air. you feel me? th-that s a lot of fucking shit to clean up, man. lot of burps fuckin shit. 
rick: what? i-is that...? fuuuuuck you, man. fuck. you. 
rick: i don t need to hear about my daughter. yeah, that s right. your wife, my daughter, buying a goddamn dildo, jerry. rick turns and starts working at his bench again. especially not when your son is about to get all of the semen forcibly removed from his body. 
rick: look. just tell beth how you feel about it and get the hell out of here. 
rick: did you, jerry? (beat). did you? 
rick: then stop being a pussy and get over it. peace! he kicks jerry out. jerry sighs. 
rick: god, morty. if you somehow survive today, you better not grow up to be like your dad. c-cuz i swear to everything that is sacred in the multiverse i will beat the ever-living shit out of you. y-y-you hear me morty? i will fuck you up! 
rick: calm your shit, morty. of course i ve figured out a way to save the day. it s real simple. 
rick: lick my balls, morty. 
rick: lick my fucking, balls. morty looks traumatized. rick bursts out laughing. ah ha ha. oh man! burps y-you, you should ve seen your face. i m just fucking with you, morty. a little interdimensional inside joke. just keep doing what i told you and everything should be fine. 
rick: w-w-what the hell do you mean,"complicated?"now s really not the time to start getting coy, morty. you have your dick in your hand and you re talking to your grandpa in front of a cum-draining stone cherub for fuck s sake! 
rick: morty. morty. whatever you do. do not blow your load in front of this, this masturbangel. y-you hear me, boy? you do not blow your load under any burps circumstances. 
rick: it ll attract the rest of that guy s host. do you have any idea what that fucking means? w-what that could mean for the rest of our galaxy? best case scenario we have to blow up earth to save the rest of the galaxy from getting devoured by these things. 
rick: i know, morty. you fucked up reaaaal big this time. 
rick: dammit! my invention isn t working. be burps right back. rick rushes out. 
rick is trying to fix the new gadget he’s invented. beth knocks on the door. 
rick: come on in, beth. you know i always have a minute for my little girl. (beat). but seriously, only a minute. if your son is anything like i think jerry probably is, that s probably all the time we have. 
rick: i m gonna stop you right there, beth. look. you re my daughter. i burps love you to death. but don t you think this is one of those situations where it s a little too personal for your father to be getting involved? 
rick: (annoyed) yes. does that honestly surprise you? 
rick: you heard me at dinner, beth. you know how i feel about all that good stuff. it s just jerry being a little insecure bitch as usual. 
rick: exactly. so do what you wanna do. he ll get over it eventually. or not. whatever. he s your problem, not mine. beth seems disappointed with rick s answer. rick sighs. look, right now, our whole galaxy, nay, the whole universe, nay, the horse universe, is in danger of getting real fucked up, beth. real fucked up. but do i seem that stressed to you? 
rick: trust me, i ve dealt with a helluva lot worse. the point is, i m dealing with it. not worrying. not complaining. not freaking out about a burps dildo. i may be your father, beth, but you re also an adult now. i mean this with complete and total love when i say deal with your own fucking problems and leave everyone else the hell out of it. 
rick: oh yeah. th-that little scamper is in tip-top shape. nothin ... nothin to worry about with, with that ol-old sport. heh heh... cut to 
rick: however long that is! 
rick: what the hell, morty? how did you lock the door? 
rick: what the shit happened, morty? i need answers fast. 
rick: jesus christ, morty! i mean, jesus fucking christ, morty. you fucked up real bad now, morty. real bad. i-i-i fucking told you not to do that. d-didn t i? didn t i fucking tell you? 
rick: this isn t a time for shitty puns, morty. everything we know and love is at stake right now. even your, y-your shitty fucking wordplay. and since you"finished", i gotta know. h-how many are in there, morty? it s a lot, isn t it? rick downs his flask. 
rick: just, j-just try and relax, morty. i ve been trying to get this quantumizer piece of shit to work all night and it keeps jamming up on me. i m the one shitting the bed on this one, morty. i ll try to help you as fast as i can, but i still need more time. hang in there, kid. 
rick: y-yeah, morty? 
rick: (to himself) fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck! he spots jerry waving his"fleshlight." holy shit, jerry. you went and bought yourself a dude dildo? that s what you took away from our little heart-to-heart before? y-you went out and burps bought yourself a fleshlight? (to beth). you sure know how to pick em, don t ya? he gently punches her cheek. 
rick: oooh. this is getting good. even with everything happening upstairs. i could wait a second. i feel like, l-like it s gonna tie in somehow. 
rick: holy fuck, jerry! where d you buy that? 
rick: bullshit. they don t sell those there. burps i ve looked... for science. 
rick: burps a little. 
rick: oh fuck! rick runs upstairs. beth and jerry chase after him. cut to 
rick: god dammit, morty. i-i-i don t know what else to do. i m so sorry, morty. w-we had some great adventures. i thought we d have a lot more. 
rick: m-morty s fucked right now unless we can get into his room. 
rick: don t you think i fucking tried, jerry? i-it s a lot more fucking complicated than that. 
rick: there s a group of homicidal stone alien cherubs on the other side blocking it. 
rick: i m so sorry, beth. even if we did, i can t get my goddamn quantumizer to function. unless... jerry, you gross son of a bitch. give me your fake vag! 
rick: i know a flarglakian that hangs out around perfect purchase trying to sell unsuspecting humans what they believe is a fake vagina. 
rick: nope. it s a high-caliber, massively pain inducing laser. this would ve blown your dick clean off, jerry. burps too bad. 
rick: but you just saved your son s life, so there s that. rick blasts a hole through the wall and then proceeds to blast apart every angel until they re dust. 
rick: summer... 
rick: guess so, morty. 
rick: are you kidding me, morty? y-you think i just wanted to explode these guys, huh? y-you think my burps my master plan was to turn these extremely intelligent angel fucks to dust? and on top of that, i barely got any new information about them. if we ever run into these fuckers again, we re fucked morty. 
rick: my advice to you? stop jerking off. for like, burps ever. 
rick: c-cheer up, morty. you re lucky you even still have a dick right now. 
rick: rick and morty forever. morty puts out his hand. aw, dude, what the fuck man? i-i-i ain t touchin that shit. go, g-go wash your hand. y-you think i want touch my teenage grandson s spermy dick fingers? get that shit out of my face, morty. burps you re fucking gross. fade out. end of episodetag 
rick, morty, jerry, and summer are sitting around the breakfast table eating together. rick is seated beside morty on one side of the table. jerry is at one head of the table, and summer is seated on the side of the table opposite rick and morty. beth enters from o.s., wearing her white surgical coat. 
rick: well, i ll be doing my part for this inane celebration of mediocrity by taking morty to work with me like usual. let s go, morty. beth moves toward rick with a scowl. morty remains in his seat, looking from rick to beth uneasily. 
rick: (sarcastically) oh gee, where s morty going to have the more productive day passing out while watching you carve up a horse s heart or pushing the boundaries of science with me? hmm... rick holds his hands out to either side, moving them up and down like they are two sides of a scale he s trying to balance. angle on rick, morty, and beth 
rick: (dryly) okay, well, here s a counterpoint you re my child, so why don t you just come along with morty and me? medium on beth 
rick: (shrugs) yeah, sure, why not? now let s get moving. come on, morty. rick heads across the kitchen. morty hesitates but then stands up and follows after him. 
rick: (sotto) don t worry, morty, i ve got it covered. rick and morty leave the kitchen together. 
rick and morty enter the garage. after a beat, beth enters as well. rick starts searching through some of his gadgets while morty and beth stand near the doorway. morty looks uneasily from beth to rick. beth smiles, looking around. 
rick: (scowls) who-ho-ho, hold on there, beth. let s make one thing clear right now. i don t do time travel. it s cliché, it s messy, and i want no part of it. period. 
rick: relax, morty. i made that visor using simulation technology i swiped from the zigerian scammers. no matter where we take her or what happens, she ll process it as a digital illusion of whatever will make her happy. watch. (clears throat, smiles and looks to beth) yo, beth, i think horses are stupid! angle on beth 
rick: (to morty) see? now come on, we ve got a full day ahead of us. we re going to the great trading bazaar on the planet fergenrinar. rick makes some adjustments to his portal gun. morty <sighs> but takes beth s arm to guide her. 
rick: to secure a very necessary and rare item, morty. there s no time now, i ll explain it to you later. rick uses his gun to create a portal and then jumps through it. morty hesitates but then goes through after him, pulling along a still-grinning beth. cut to 
rick, morty, and beth appear at the heart of the fergenrinar bazaar. the ground is dusty, the sky has two suns, and there is various <walla> from the aliens all around. the streets are lined with stalls full of items while aliens of multiple shapes and sizes walk around completing trades with each other. morty seems nervous while beth just smiles in response to her simulation. 
rick: welcome to fergenrinar the premiere trade trope planet of the galaxy. shouldn t take us more than a couple of hours to get what i m looking for. 
rick: morty, this is a trade trope planet. you can t just buy things here! we ve got to go through a series of elaborate trades to get what we want. sure, it s an overly complicated system. but hey, so is capitalism... public education... organized religion... beth and jerry s marriage. angle on rick, morty, and beth 
rick: great, then let s get started already. i ve got the coordinates for our first trade. rick heads o. s. down the street. morty follows o. s. after him. hold on beth just standing there (still smiling) for a beat. then morty runs back in from o. s., grabs beth s arm, and pulls her along o. s. to catch up with rick. 
rick: (shrugs) probably not. close on morty and beth 
rick: she ll be fine, morty. right now she s probably lost in a fantasy about riding horses or being queen of the time travelling knocked up teenagers or something. it s all good. (glances to beth) beth, you having a good time? 
rick simulation: actually, beth, columbus wasn t a discoverer so much as a money-hungry opportunist who ravaged a continent for personal gain. widen to include morty simulation on left 
rick: yup, he was a real sick son of a bitch, honey! beth looks from the rick simulation to the morty simulation with an eyebrow raised. 
rick simulation: are the high seas definitely your first choice for an adventure though, beth? i mean, we could go wherever the hell you want. angle on morty simulation 
rick: (rolls eyes) yeah, you said it, honey. (to morty) see, morty happy as a clam in a simulation about whatever the hell makes clams happy. now come on. i m late for trading some plutonium to a kerlogian for a sheet of sarithian spider silk. rick heads forward o. s. morty glances at beth uneasily. 
rick’s trades continue. he is now giving a backrub to a blue alien with eight limbs while morty and beth look on. rick finishes the backrub, and the alien gives him a cage with a small, black, fuzzy, tentacle monster inside. 
rick: all right, one cosmic snipe. (to blue alien) a pleasure doing business. (to morty) come on, morty, we ve got to get this thing one block up to trade for an andromedean orchid. 
rick: okay, okay, morty sheesh. we re here so that i can acquire a bottle of the most potent liquor in the cosmos, aged multi-dimensionally and for over ten thousand years singulariwhisky. 
rick: one drop of that glorious concoction can leave you wrecked for days, morty. days. 
rick: yeah, well, for someone who cares so much about his mom, you re doing a really crappy job of keeping her from wandering off in a delusional state across an alien planet... (looks to beth, dryly)... and there go the robotic slave traders scooping her up as their latest catch. 
rick: (lowers flask, belches) yeah, yeah, okay, i m coming. i guess. rick rolls his eyes but puts away his flask and does run after morty and beth. 
rick’s shit is all over the place like he was also looking for something. he’s on a skype-type call with a man who has a giant kaleidoscope for a head. 
rick: whoa, whoa, whoa, dr. kaleidoscope, you said that if i took 800 milligrams of parinosacks every farlar it wouldn t spread? 
rick: not now, morty. i m in the middle of a very important call concerning my health. also the health of ten to fifteen milozoid women. take burp what you need. morty digs through a box of gadgets. he pulls out the head of a gazorpazorp sex robot. ahh! morty h-hey, what s this? he throws it back in the box which causes a gameboy type gadget to fall into his hands. he turns it on. the screen lights up and classical music plays. the screen says creationism . whoaaa cool. 
rick: i understand it s just that, maybe i should get burp another opinion? dr. kaleidoscope rotates his kaleidoscope head. 
rick: ok, look, look just double my parinosacks prescription. and no, we don t need to tell my family. rick pulls out his flask, looks at it for a beat and takes a long swig. title opening credits 
rick walks in with a bottle of alcohol and sits next to morty on the couch. morty is still playing his game. 
rick: hey, morty, i m glad we can, you know, spend some nice quality time together burp every once in a while. just spend time here. on, on the living room couch and just hang out, morty. me and you. no adventures. just a grandpa and his grandson bonding over a nice stimulating burp conversation. rick sees that morty is playing his game and not paying attention. ooo! uhhh! morty 
rick: m-morty, were you listening to anything that i said? i m really, i m really giving you some good stuff here, morty. like, heart-heart-obi wan kenobi stuff. we hear loud boos and explosions coming from morty s game. rick looks closer at the game morty s playing. 
rick: uh oh. that isn t a game, morty! that s a interdimensional world creator. you ve created a real world in a new dimension. 
rick: you ve really screwed the pooch this time, morty. oh boy. how long have you been playing? 
rick: sorry, morty, you re too far along. they re doomed. that s part of the plan. you see, morty, we can t just go around deciding what lives and what dies. that s not how it works. you have to let things work themselves out burp naturally sometimes. 
rick: it s the circle of life, morty. things are born and things die. rick takes in his flask before giving taking a big pull. 
rick: (sigh) fine, morty. fine. but if i take you to carry out this god complex you ve inherited we re burp even. in fact, you owe me one--they both stand up and rick toys with the portal gun. 
rick: what s this place called again? 
rick: oh boy. better take the ship. morty sprints off-screen and rick follows. jerry comes running down the stairs in a ridiculous salsa dancing outfit including his white pants. beth walks in less enthused. 
rick and morty are flying around the planet in their spaceship. morty is pressed against the glass. 
rick: don t go all james cameron on me just yet, morty. looks like there s trouble in paradise. ri 
rick: north mortyopolis? there are multiple burp mortyopolis es? outside the window we see the statue of liberty but with rick s face. suddenly, the crotch area comes crashing to the ground. we pan up to see the entire city. it looks to be in ruin. buildings are burning, smoke rising and people rioting. 
rick: ok, president morty, i think it s time to send this dimension back into burp oblivion. rick takes out his portal gun. 
rick: this is getting sticky, morty. just tell me when you re done playing god and i ll z- burp -zap this whole place death star style. 
rick: nice work, morty. blasting them would have been quicker but i guess genocide is genocide at the end of the burp day. jerry and beth stand single-file with a few other couples. señor romantico (ricky martin type with a big silver earring) stands in the center of the room. jerry ooo ooo me me! ri 
rick: oh, boy, morty. you re becoming a regular burp musselini right before my eyes. 
rick: whoa ho ho! you tell em burp , morty! yeah, how do you like that, bitch! make your own shit! rick takes a pull from his flask but it s empty. uh oh. let s get out of here, morty, i m all out of my favorite rick-coction. 
rick: i swear, morty, if we get raped on this ship. i just-i don t think i could ever forgive you for that. a door opens and soldiers come pouring out in formation. yep, we re getting raped. rick begins to unbuckle his pants. they circle rick and morty, guns drawn. following the troops is their eye patch wearing leader. this is general devero. 
rick: lose your pants, morty, it ll make things much quicker. trust me. rick s pants are at his ankles. uhhh-ooo! morty 
rick is sweaty from his session. he has a towel draped around his neck. he winks and then we pan over to see that he’s winking at the mop in the corner. we then see what he was welding. it’s a tiny earring like señor romantico’s. he tries to put it in his ear. 
rick and morty are now in the spaceship meeting room. there is a circular table where the south mortyopolis leaders sit. 
rick: i know a warm damp place you can all go to. it s my ass. i was talking about my ass in case you didn t burp know that. commander bazaar general devero, you said this was our god, our creator, morty? ri 
rick: (to morty) better let me take it from here burp , morty, grandpa has to get back to earth dimension c-137 before--well, just follow my lead. (to the group) generals and what nots, i m rick sanchez from earth dimension c-137. i think i know what you seek and this god morty is not it. generalll... 
rick: general devero burp right, what you need to annihilate those sons a bitches north mortyopolians are nuclear weapons. 
rick: right, nuclear weapons. trust me, where i come from we use them all the time. now burp , as the god morty says, ask and thou shall receive . 
rick: trust me, morty. some civilizations are doomed from the start. sometimes you just have to burp give them what they have coming complete destruction. it happens more than you d think. you can t save everyone, morty. sometimes you just have to let life take it s natural course. you can prolong life but ultimately death burp comes calling. 
rick and morty are running away from the command center. 
rick: come on, morty, we burp have to get out of here! they jump in an escape pod and take off. 
rick and morty are both staring out the windows. it’s chaos below. things are getting blown up and there are mushroom clouds everywhere. it’s even worse than before. we see rick’s ship at the north mortyopolis capital and they descend down to it. 
rick: morty, there s something i have to tell you. back there when i said we control our own burp life? i have an incurable disease, morty. it sucks. i take this to control it but i could go at any minute. 
rick: i know, morty, that s why we have to make the most of our time and not worry about blowing other people up. just let them do what they want and don t expect burp some god to save you. suddenly president nitzo walks out tattered with a gun pointed at rick and morty. there are several soldiers with him also pointing guns. 
rick: and so burp it shall be. 
rick: beats me, jerry, but one thing is for sure those two people are burp fu--title closing credits ri 
rick and morty sprint up a hill and then quickly down it! behind them, hundreds of aliens who appear to be a hybrid of spiders and penguins. eight legs, penguin head, penguin tail instead of a spinner, and disgustingly adorable. 
rick: run faster, morty! we re almost to the planet s mainframe combobulator! a spidguin runs into one of it s brothers and they both collapse under the herd! 
rick: because you didn t stop talking about how heavy the stupid slightly heavier gravity was at the most opportune time to get noticed by an army of spidguins and now the universe has befitted that you get over that and bitch about the grass instead. i feel like we have this conversation, weekly. 
rick: calm your pre-pubescent tits, morty. ain t nothin that s got to do with us. that s for the spidguins to know and for us to ignore completely. 
rick: you like that? i call them acid balloons! i couldn t find a rubber that could withstand hydrofluoric acid, so i did what any self respecting man would do, and reinvented rubber. 
rick: yeah, they re like, uh , water balloons. except if you throw this at uh one of your friends burp one of your friends from school, you ll be tried for melting and murdering a uh child, consequently having to trade cigarettes for one less cuddle sesh with your cell mate gerald. he will not be gentle, morty. gerald is a hard man doing hard time. your nickname? time. come on. rick walks into the hole he created. 
rick: the queen! the biggest bitch in the entire galaxy. listen, this isn t the time for one of your cry baby morality filibusters that get us in a bind every week, morty. those babies belong to a mom, but probably not a dad, since spidguins are notorious for trampling the queen s mates to death after banging. best we make this quick. uh... good luck. rick takes a swig of his flask and puts it back in his jacket. morty frowns at rick. rick sigh. what now? 
rick: spidguins, morty. what else did you think a mainframe combobulator was? a room full of pull switches, lights, and buttons? 
rick: that s an interesting point, morty. but wholly stupid for reasons i can t go into right now, because the queen is right on top of us! morty looks up and rick pushes morty into the nest! ha haaa, a sucker s born every minute, morty! smash the eggs! green, purple, purple, green! gotta do it in that order, morty! you gotta do it! if you mess up, if you mess the whole thing up, then we re gonna be in a whole heap of trouble, morty! maybe if you do it right, we ll go to the quagalon server 5 quadrant. their rivers run with alcoholic chocolate milk. alcoholic chocolate milk, morty! 
rick: you could start. what are you, 12? 13? the spidguin queen falls from the ceiling behind rick! rick turns around and runs to morty! quick, morty! smash the eggs! it's the only way to destroy the  planet! (the queen screeches) 
rick: purple! 
rick: oh boy, ya better get outta that nest, morty! she called the family down for dinner! the planet quakes uncontrollably! nest and hides behind rick. morty jumps out of the out of tunnels above, spidguins file out onto the ground! dozens! rick pulls out his teleportation gun. my name is rick sanchez, spidguin race. say hello to your extinction. rick points the gun at the wall and shoots! or whatever. 
rick and morty crash to the ground in the garage! 
rick: you just answered your dumb question with a dumb, but accurate answer, morty. quick, morty! were we the only ones who made it out?? rick and morty both get up. 
rick: oh-ho, you think so! well, keep your eyes peeled, morty. if even one, just one, of those spidguins came through the teleportation portal, we re riggidy riggidy fucked, morty! so think! 
rick: because that last planet we were on, alpha zeb cervos? yeah, you may know it as it s alternate dimension doppelgänger mars . that s what they do! they--they get inside your planet and they make it one of them! just one of those--one of those things can turn all of earth into a fish guzzling nightmare, morty! all it wants is to bang, eat fish, and trample men to death! i don t know about you morty-- 
rick: but that s not a world i want to live in--squeak! a spidguin sprints down the driveway! 
rick: wait for it. 
rick: i said wait for it, morty. like in those terrible action movies your dad loves. 
rick: cold blooded, biiiiiiiiitch! rick pulls out his freeze ray and turns the spidguin into a block of ice! 
rick: you like the rick james reference?--a car smashes into the ice cube and ice ice covered spidguin bits roll all around the road! the car comes to a screeching stop! 
rick: maybe he s before your time. summer gets out of the car. 
rick: perfect as usual, summer! rick walks away, throws the freeze ray behind him for morty to catch. morty juggles it and catches it. 
rick: good catch, morty. rick s off screen. door open. 
rick: you don t wanna know what happens when that thing breaks. 
rick: ha-ha, same here, berning man! listen, morty, why don t you grab a chair. bernard was just in the middle of telling us a funny story about why his name is bernard. summer walks into the dining room. amused by what s going on. morty looks less than 
rick: i can t help it, i d think they were baked with love or something, if i didn t know love was just an idiotic mating chemical. beth, i know you just recently finally came to your senses and kicked out that dead weight jerry, but i like this one. he bakes cookies and doesn t make me regret your birth. 
rick: yes, please. rick picks up a cookie and morty slaps his hand. drops the cookie by force. rick he pretends he s eating a cookie anyway. morty looks around the table at everyone looking at bernard, moon-eyed. 
rick: don t mind the boy, bernard. he s just the hired help when i go on space explorations and dimension hop and shit. 
rick: what, you wanna take a spin on an adventure? huh? go to a spider clownfish planet? huh? 
rick: ignore morty, he s barely a person. come on, we ll make it a family outing! 
rick: yeah burp bitch. bernard belches. rick laughs. 
rick: classic bernard. then it s settled! pack nothing and get your asses to the garage! the sanchez shaw vacation is a go! morty slinks his head in disgust. end of act 2act 3 
rick slams the door behind morty and himself. to morty’s book case and scrolls the books. rick goes 
rick: getting prepared to kill your dad, morty. rick pulls out a journal book and flips to a specific page that has dozens of combinations written in. like a table chart. 
rick: stop asking questions with an infinite number of answers, morty. we don t have much time. rick writes in the book, with the pencil inside, 2 all of morty s things in his room flip upside down and weapons and gear pop up. 
rick: pretty much. rick grabs a laser beam shotgun. he cocks it back, one handed, and it makes a beam charging up sound. 
rick: i hid it here incase one of our parallel selves tried to infest our dimension. well, today s the day, morty. bernard is an evil jerry who plans on killing all of us or getting revenge on us in some predictably jerry fashion. 
rick: those cookies? 
rick: roofie cookies, morty. your own mother and sister would have given in to a three way with your parallel father, if given the right fucked up jerry. 
rick: i created an immunity to roofalin years ago, so i played along after i saw how obsessed your mom was with that obvious jerry job. 
rick: some jerry s would have access to the best plastic surgeons in the universe. just--just think about it, morty. he tells stories just like jerry. badly. he tries way too hard to be a part of the family. he wears old spice, morty. only jerry and other pathetic middle aged sex offenders wear old spice. come on, let s lead him to a scorpider planet and watch mother nature take it s course. rick walks towards the door. 
rick: how do you think i feel, morty? for 17 years, i hoped your mother would leave your piece of shit dad and get herself a man who didn t reek of desperation and the constant pathetic need to be accepted. but here we are. new guy, same sitting down to pee douchebag. morty takes a beat to process what needs to happen... he opens the bedroom door and--bernard is standing in the doorway. 
rick: much like the fate of all useless dances, the jig is up, morty. except this time, it ends with the sound of your parallel universe dad s brains becoming the new house paint. so. 
rick: no, i know you re an evil jerry, which makes you about 25 cooler than most other jerry s but still pretty much a lame waste of dna that i have to get rid of systematically. again. morty lifts his shotgun and points it at bernard. 
rick: well, the trace elements of date rape in the cookies was a pretty clear red flag. seriously, our jerry is useless, but at least he wouldn t stoop so low as to drug his family for acceptance. bernard smiles and laughs evily. as he does. 
rick: you did something to my portal gun. 
rick: quick, jerry, before you both start masturbating each other! kick the arm of the mech towards the web! jerry swings his legs and kicks the arm! 
rick: being the rickiest rick you ve ever fucked wit , bernard! that s a dumb name, by the way, and i think your stories are dull as shit. rick taps his shoes in a rhythm. his shoes light up and the mech s arm sprays fire all over the web which catches fire to the entire web infested cave. the family find themselves free! summer looks dazed. 
rick: morty jinxed the adventure! to go home! time rick pulls out his teleportation gun and changes the settings. he points the gun at the wall and they all jump through it--dozens of spidguins race down to the center of the cave! they notice their dead mother... they look up-- 
rick: self-reflection is for college dropouts and people who prefer laugh tracks, morty. the most soulless humans on the planet. perfect for jerry. your mom? not so much. besides, the only women jerry is going to be bringing home are hardee s cashiers on their graveyard shift just before they crack a xanex and veg out . rick takes a swig of his flask. morty looks at rick, unhappy. morty walks away from the couch. rick turns on the tv. cut to 
rick   b-156: what the hell morty? the fuck did the whale come from? 
rick   b-156: shut your crap hole morty. you know that whales are a class -m conversion species. you know what that means dumpster skull? 
rick   b-156: yeah i know morty he tried real hard to find a new life as a space aids free giant [belches] swimming lump of flammable fat. the japanese government paid us a lot of money to convert their prisoners [belches] into class -m species. i m going to cover this one time for you since you're new. that s your one free rick covers my butt for the billionth time card right out the window. there it goes morty. gone with the schwin. 
rick: again morty[belches] trying to cover up for all the morty shortcomings with excuses. stop milking the bull crap and pull up your pants and help me with the next assignment. i m supposed to be bringing in some low-level space aids sleazeball who skipped out on meeting with parole rick last week. we just need to grab the guy and we can get the hell out of here so i can take a shit. 
rick:[speaking softly] morty. this wouldn t happen to be location a-56653 would it? 
rick: shut up morty. i wouldn t call this [belches] number unless i expected to reach the hotline. i m gonna need a full profile on- (pauses and looks at morty) who was the guy you just turned into a freaking whale morty? 
rick: information on a bergoogie [belches] klapptors. 
rick: shut up and grab the paper morty. 
rick: oh man morty this is worse than i thought. (reading paper from tube) 
rick: i think those bobbish nachos i ate on my way to the office are really screwing with my stomach. i gotta go take a morty [chuckles]. think this guy's got a shitter or something in this place. 
rick: oh man morty i think one of those kids died in their. will you take a look and snap some pictures for evidence. 
rick: [laughing] he was alive before i took that shit. too bad the only candle this guy owned smells like used underwear and chloroform. 
rick: [muttering] three cases of interdimensional sodomy (morty continues to slam against door) potential suspect in the deaths of morty d-112, b-175, c-333 and d-541 
rick: oh shit morty this guy is way worse than i thought we gotta go right freaking [belches] now. 
rick: [chuckles] let's go to this shithole! 
rick: well morty welcome to uranus. (pulls out a mask and hands it to morty) the literal sewer hole of the universe. every transphoton toilet and phashitter in the dimension [belches] runs straight here. the only thing redeeming about the entire place is rick s sending chunky mortys to lose weight from all the trichinosis (gestures to a group of fat morty s trying to shit out a giant worm while a rick wearing athletic wear observes.) 
rick: [belches] these are all the jerrys who killed their rick at some point. rick s never saw earth prison as being enough so they sent them here. to live in a perpetual world of shit until they die from a crapalanche or kill themselves [belches]. 
rick: [laughs] you thought you signed up to do some sort of humanitarian save the planet blah blah blah mission. typical morty never seeing the big picture. when a rick screws up a dimension it becomes crap. where do you think all the crap goes? (gestures with arms indicating this place) once we have the planet clear we send in salvage morty s to strip out anything of value and sell it for cheap at schmekel rick s. (flashes to morty s working in a dollar store . aliens pick through piles of people s goods and possessions.) the rest of the planet gets smelted down and turned into weapons that d. a. r. c. sells to gorilla armies [belches] where did you think your salary came from? just magically appeared for taking the moral high ground? (flashes to gorillas with ak-47 s raiding a village of humans. laughing rick s can be seen flying away in d. a. r. c ships with overflowing bags of schmeckles.) 
rick: screw you jerry. you walked away from your family and tried to solve it by axing a rick. you couldn t see the big picture. no matter how many rick s you kill off they will always find you. you re just another pathetic mud crab who lives on a cosmic sewer plant. (pulls out pistol and shoots the jerry between the eyes.) 
rick: i did him a favor [belches] morty. look around morty. he s making toilet wine with literal piss and smoking fossilized piles of shit to somehow make speed up the process of all the methane melting his brain down into a pile of shit flecked snot. 
rick: [belches] keep an eye out morty. that damn whale could pop up at any moment. 
rick: row morty! the whale. he be swimming to the portside 
rick: i don t know. figured it would help give rick and morty a more diverse culture. plus i ve always wanted to bust out this bad boy (rick motions towards harpoon.) 
rick: i can do better than that morty! 
rick: infinite dimensions morty. human jerry isn t the only jerry that gets banished to this planet for killing their ricks. all the creatures here are jerry s of some sorts. (throws morty the spyglass. morty holds it and peers at a school of fish swimming beneath the boat. they all have jerry s face.) turn the knob on the right of the scope thing morty. 
rick: maybe not the one you know, but if you're jerry ever screws me over i ll send him back to live in a world made of shit, in a city made of shit, in a house made of shit, [cackles madly]. 
rick: sure morty, just wait until you see planet of morty s that killed off their ricks. 
rick: classified[belches]. i ve said too much already. 
rick:[shouting over the roar of the wind] morty. i need you to come up here and man the harpoon. 
rick: how did you think we were going to catch a pedophile whale morty? with candy or the vague promise of a pony ride in a van with no windows? 
rick: maybe thrash around a bit more morty. i don t think you're arousing his interest. (drinks from flask. he sways steadying himself.) 
rick: [belches] just relax morty. i ll all be ok. 
rick: hold still morty i m trying to get a shot! 
rick: [yells] press the red button on the harpoon morty! quick! 
rick: that puts the blow in blowhole huh morty? 
rick: sure morty, but first one stop (shoots portal gun into water) 
rick: turns out pedophile whale [belches] is way more valuable to these guys than i thought. something about the flavor being youthful. might have to start hunting down more creeps to haul in the schmeckles. 
rick: figures since that s one of the jerry pufferfishes i brought back from uranus. probably don t want to eat too much of that. 
rick: that s the end of season 3 ladies and gentlemen! thats right we closed it without any cliffhangers, unsolved mysteries, or ominous foreshadowing of a new villain! just a good old rick and morty [belches] adventure. peace. (throws peaces sign and jumps through portal. the alien sushi chef strokes morty s hair and then drags him into the backroom.) 
rick: hello there. 
rick: not exactly, why don t you take a seat right over there. 
rick: what was your plan here today with morty?, erm, let's see your online chat name was, ispl00ge4m0rty? 
rick: and how old did morty say he was on the internet? 
rick: you know i have the entire transcript of your chat logs right here dumbass? i m going to save you myself some effort and not draw this out. go home and think about why this is wrong and how you won t ever do it again. i bet you had a long drive here won t have a cookie before you go? they re fresh baked. 
rick: [speaking in japanese] ohayoo, tsujiku-san i have another especial pedowhaleru [belches] for you to come buy. [pauses] 300 schmeckles, no no no i can t go lower than that.[pauses] i m hanging up now. goodbye [pauses] alright good i ll take 300 schemckles. pleasure doing business. (hangs up phone. rick shoots whale with portal gun in its place a bag of schmeckles is left behind.) 
rick and morty, wearing aprons and safety goggles are gathered around rick’s desk. a plant grows in a small petri dish. it looks similar to a bonsai tree, but with glowing pink buds. 
rick: okay morty, this is the tricky part. if we-if we don t do this just right, we ll die, morty. rick takes a long swig from his flask. he hands morty a mirror. morty. hold it in front of the plant, morty. 
rick: of course it ll work, morty! zorgfillian pine trees are plant philosophers, morty. if you hold up the mirror, they ll be so entranced by the idea of identity that we can harvest it s pods without it excreting its poison gas, morty. summer walks into the garage. 
rick: we know it s arbor day, summer. why do you think we re doing this? think before you talk! summer sighs, and walks outside the open garage door. 
rick lifts his safety goggles, removes his apron and rubs his hands together. the zorgfillian pine tree is now completely free of its blossoms. they sit in a small dish. 
rick: we did it, morty.[burp] you can put the mirror down, morty. with its blossoms gone, the thing is now only a danger to itself. 
rick: actually morty, plants getting depression is relatively normal. there are--there are entire fields of medicine devoted to plant therapy. 
rick: use your head, morty. we just roofy ed it with existentialism and plucked it s precious fruit. on arbor day! 
rick: the universe is a wild place. but you know morty, it s actually a beautiful day, morty. i don t say this often, but it s a beautiful day. really nice. it feels like nothing could go wrong. yep. 
rick: that s right, nothing could ruin today. he takes another swig. 
rick: it s her birthday? we re f-[bleep]-ed, morty. do-do-do-do-do you hear me? we re f-[bleep]-ed! rick springs out of his chair and runs to the washer and dryer, presses a button, causing a false wall to open up, revealing an arsenal of guns. 
rick and morty are sitting back to back on chairs, tied together. summer #3, summer #4 and beefcake summer stand guard holding guns. summer #2 paces back and forth. 
rick: i d tell you to look up my ass, but unfortunately for all of us, you already did. 
rick: liberate that! the summers groan, fanning their hands in front of their faces. 
rick: what i want, is to know whose idea it was for the jackets? i mean, you look great. beefcake summer blushes. 
rick: i was! but in all seriousness, you should lay off whatever supplements you re taking. they are frying your brain. beefcake summer looks confused. summer 3 and 4 take beefcake summer and walk her away, consoling her. 
rick: the fuel cell? i ve got a million fuel cells! that s like asking morty which sock he uses to masturbate in! you re gonna have to be more specific! 
rick: it doesn t exist. the odds of having a working fuel cell of that design are so astronomical, that i m more likely to get struck by lightning, while getting bit by a shark that just won the lottery. 
rick: unlike you turds, my summer has a brain. she ll see right through your idiotic group. 
rick: no, morty, i don t have a plan. 
rick: i don t know, morty! i-i-i-i don t always have a plan, morty. plans don t just fall out of your grandpa like a slugfillion shits applesauce! why don t you ever come up with plans, morty? huh? sometimes the sidekick gets to be the hero for an episode, morty. so what s your plan? where s your magical method of getting us out of this, morty? morty looks around at different items in the garage. the box labelled time travel stuff. the washer and dryer. rick s workbench with various odds and ends. he frowns. 
rick: son of a bitch. you re-you re a real disappointment, morty. 
rick: just do something! actual torture would be less torture than this! summer 3 clicks a button on her tazer, electricity buzzing between the metal rods. 
rick: f[bleep] ck me, that sucked. summer prime whips the tazer around, smacking his face with the butt of the weapon. morty struggles in his bindings. the other summer s avert their eyes. rick spits out some blood at summer prime s feet. she grabs him by his lab coat and pulls him up towards her. 
rick: it doesn t exist! summer prime punches rick in the face. his eye starts swelling a purple color. i-i don t know who pissed in your fruit loops this morning, but no amount of guantanamo-ing is going to get me to tell you where a completely hypothetical fuel cell is. summer prime tazes rick again. summer looks down, summer 3 puts her hand on summer prime s shoulder. summer prime shoves her away, knocking her down. the other summers gasp. stop it! morty 
rick: wow, what the hell did your rick do to you to make you hate me so much? my rick? 
rick: f[bleep] ck. morty 
rick and morty are still tied up. the summers are gathered nearby, with summer prime standing in front of rick. 
rick: well if you want to get real technical, it was morty here that destroyed your world. 
rick: your group is a joke! want to know the real impact of summer s end? most rick s just stage an accident for their summer the night before her 18th birthday. if you really want to help the other summers, then leave the ricks alone! 
rick: that s a lot of crap you re piling up there. reeeeeeeal steamy load. don t pretend this is for humanitarian reasons. 
rick: or you know, reverse the flow of gravitational waves and create a black hole anywhere you want it. 
rick: listen, you--you little shit. don t you think if i had a working fuel cell that i d be using it? instead i m stuck using dark matter like an asshole! the tech doesn t work! summer prime fishes her hand into rick s lab coat, pulling out his flask. she holds it aloft, threateningly. 
rick: stay out of this, summer. summer prime holds the flask, threateningly. 
rick: shut up, morty! there is real fear in rick s eyes. something about this flask has shaken him. morty and the summer s eyes go wide. summer prime smirks. end of act ii. 
rick: don t. we can talk about this, it-it-it doesn t have to be this way. 
rick: ship, open fire! a panel on summer prime s ship opens up, revealing laser guns. rick yells, heaving his body to the side, knocking his and morty s chairs onto their side. rick kicks summer s feet out from under her. the guns open fire, lasers shooting all through the garage. equipment explodes, smoke fills the room as silhouettes of alternate summers scream, falling to the ground. 
rick: ship, cease fire! the lasers stop firing. rick, and morty cough, their bindings now loose. they wave their hands through the smoke. 
rick: your old grandpa still has a few more tricks up his sleeve, morty. as the smoke begins to dissipate, they notice summer isn t where rick kicked her to the ground. wait, where s your sister morty? 
rick: that s--that s it. summer s end is gone. just let my summer go and i won t kill you. 
rick: i m not giving you the fuel cell. and i m not going to let you kill my grandkids. 
rick: it s a fail safe! excuse me for wanting to have an easy way of putting you out of your misery if you got seriously injured, or turned into zombie! 
rick: fine! you win! it s in a temporal canister, hidden in the orbit of a nearby blackhole, the coordinates are- 
rick: this is bullshit. you re a summer, you don t have it in you. summer prime and rick lock eyes. 
rick: summer prime laughs villainously. summer s eyes are wide as tears stream down her face. she looks around as if waiting for the axe to fall. suddenly, summer prime gasps, grabbing her head, surprise evident on her face. she falls to the ground. rick s eyes go wide. morty covers his eyes. 
rick: you kids all right? no. 
rick: get inside, summer. me and morty ll bury them. 
rick: it s her birthday, you freakin moron. you don t have to bury alternate dimensional versions of yourself on your birthday, okay morty? is that a deal, morty? summer s face hardens. 
rick and morty come in from the back yard. morty sits down on the couch, turning on the tv. summer enters, staring off at nothing. rick sees the look on her face, his shoulders slump. he sighs. 
rick: follow me, summer. 
rick and summer enter the still destroyed garage. rick presses a button on the wall, it slides open to reveal a safe. he opens it, and pulls out a small metallic orb. pale blue light emerges from the seams. 
rick: this is the fuel cell they were looking for. he looks at the glowing light for a moment, before sighing and giving it to summer. i know it s morbid, but this is what the summer s died for, you should have it. summer stares at it, still shocked. rick sighs. summer the only reason why you didn t die today, is because the rick from this dimension used a different frequency than i used. there s some scary crap out there, summer. i ve tried to protect you kids from most of it, but i can t always protect you from yourselves. with that fuel cell, you can keep our family safe when i no longer can. summer looks up at rick, light glowing on her face. 
rick: some people find god in a burnt piece of toast, summer. meaning is what you make of it. summer s eyes get wide. this isn t what she s hoping for. rick sighs, he walks to his desk and picks up one of the pods of the zorgfillian pine tree. you see this, summer? this tree s fruit was plucked away while it was stuck trying to find meaning. this isn t some saturday morning cartoon with a nicely packaged moral of the story at the end of it to tell you how to feel. 
rick: literally everything. from the fact that you have that fuel cell, to the fact that she s dead and you re not. and so what if you have a little super villain in you. now morty knows not to cross you! summer looks sick. sorry about your birthday. summer hugs rick, he resists, before hugging her back. rick leaves the garage, leaving summer alone. she pulls out her phone and holds it close to the orb. her battery charges almost instantaneously. cool. 
rick, morty, and summer sit on the couch with the tv on. jerry and beth hand out slices of cake to each of them. 
rick: wow, you ve been a real whiny bitch today, summer. why don t you count your blessings? your entire family is sober for once. usually your mom is at least a little hammered by now. 
rick: i wasn t talking to beth, jerry. i was clearly addressing summer. 
rick: come on, morty! we're going to be late! 
rick: then run faster than you can, morty! do you have any idea what the zenerastians do to latecomers? 
rick: it's butt stuff, morty. really freaky butt stuff. so we've gotta-- (rick stops. stares at the empty parking space in front of them, then at the ticket on the parking sign.) 
rick: great. do you see what you've done? 
rick: your pathetic bladder got our ship towed. 
rick: morty, that's not the point! do you have any idea how many hit and runs that ship has been implicated in? 
rick: they were just drosophimites, morty. they're tiny. almost as tiny as your dick. (off morty's reaction) i'm sorry. that was uncalled for. but they're small, morty. i can't keep track of how many of those things i hit. it's just impossible. 
rick: we've got to get to the nearest security outpost. and of course the portal gun is still in the ship. 
rick: (rolls his eyes) spare me the lecture, mr. i-refuse-to-pee-in-a-bottle. we're going to have to do this the hard way. 
rick and morty pedal through space on a tandem bike with a glass dome around them. a spaceship passes by and in the window, alien children point and laugh. 
rick: so's my wallet, morty. these things don't come cheap. from the rear, rick takes a long swig from a bottle. he lazily pedals, clearly not putting in any work. c'mon, morty. i'm doing all the work here. 
rick and morty pedal by a large planet covered in strobingneon lights. 
rick: hey look, morty. we made it in record time. maybe we don't need a ship after all. 
rick: it's not, morty. this is goruscant. the entire planet is one big casino. dance music gets louder and louder as rick and morty approach the planet. 
rick and morty land their bike in a street filled with neon signs and drunk aliens. as they step off, two hookers immediately jump on and ride off with high-pitched giggles. 
rick: aw man. now i'll never get that deposit back. rick heads down the street as morty catches up to him. 
rick: buy another ship?! i made that ship when i was a boy. a boy, morty. that's my baby. i don't think i would be lying if i said i cared more about that ship than you or summer. 
rick: i need bribe money. space police are total pigs. both literally and figuratively. they arrive outside a giant entranceway into the building that stretches across the entirety of the planet. 
rick and morty enter the casino to find thousands of aliens gambling at various games. 
rick: subtle differences, morty. they pass by a craps table. an alien throws the pair of dice, but as we get a closer look they are actually tiny, cuboid aliens that groan in pain with each bounce. 
rick: (nervously) let's keep going, morty. rick pushes morty away from the blackjack tables. 
rick: years back, i saw that kevin spacey movie about counting cards and decided to try my hand at it. 
rick: meh, it was fine, but somehow the majority of the team wasn't asian? i mean, i don't like to prescribe to stereotypes, but come on. (off morty's reaction) oh, you meant the counting cards. yeah, i made a buttload of money. the sore losers decided to send my picture out to every casino in the universe. i can't go within fifty feet of a blackjack table out of fear of being treated like a total a-hole. 
rick: look, morty, if we want to go home, we're going to have to make some sacrifices. 
rick: just that sacrifices are sometime inevitable, morty. it's the defining trait of the human condition. that and naming sex positions after animals. 
rick: just trust me, morty. rick stands up and speaks to the clerk. i'd like to exchange this human child for some chips, please. morty's jaw drops. 
rick: he doesn't have a speech impediment. he's just very excited. the clerk nods. gestures next to him to a machine similar to an mri but upright. 
rick: trust me, morty. it'll all be fine. morty still looks scared out of his mind, but he steps into the machine. the clerk pushes a button. the machine whirs to life. a light scans the entirety of morty's body. it finishes with a microwave ding. the machine then projects the results of the scan in a holographic image age-14 height-5'4"weight-127 lbs strength-low stamina-low general attractiveness-low penile span-nothing to write home about overall worth-125 kuracs morty steps out from the machine and stares up at his stats. 125 kuracs?! this is highway robbery, buddy. just look at him. (gestures to morty) he's a young, strapping man with a world of potential. morty's face brightens at rick's words. just look at those arms. they could, could lift some boxes. got a lot of boxes to lift down there? you know how many, how many ladies this kid-- (stifles in laughter) i'm sorry, i can't. just give me the chips. the clerk hands rick a stack of chips. well, good luck, morty. i'll see you on the other side. 
rick: just deal. 
rick: whoa-ho-ho! somebody's got that straight. is it you? i bet it's you. that guy's been hiding grins all game! (looks at wifebeater) how bout you? no? then who could it be? maybe no one has it... both aliens glare at rick, who finishes off his martini. i raise. call. wifebeater 
rick: uh oh. somebody's got good cards. rick tosses in chips to call. his stack is dangerously low. roll call! 
rick: oh man! what a twist. it was me the entire time! rick pulls in the stack of chips. antenna and wifebeater get up and flick him off as they leave. what, come on guys. i thought we had a good game. (mutters) sore losers... rick looks to the remaining players. another round? 
rick: yeah, baby! let it rain! wubba lubba dub dub! (not sure if i should keep that in) several aliens leave the table. as rick gathers his winnings (his chip stack has gotten pretty damn big), an alien couple (late 30s) and three toddlers approach the table. the wife wears a gaudy sundress and a visor. 
rick: wow, edith. that was a great play. i really fell for it. 
rick: don't sell yourself short, sister. and you said you never played before? never. edith 
rick: i wonder why that is, considering what boundless potential you have for the game. edith smiles, but there's a nervous tension in her face. the dealer places the first card in the center. card alien four of diamonds! edith scans the various aliens around the table and hears their thoughts 
rick  (v. o.) : hold out for the flush, rick. you can do this... time passes. chips are tossed in. cards are dealt. rick laughs and acts cocky through it all, annoying the hell out of the other players. yeah baby! keep those diamonds coming! the dealer places the fifth and final card in the center of the table. 
rick: are you serious. this is total bullshit. did you really shuffle those cards? edith stares at rick and hears his thoughts. 
rick  (v. o.) : yeah motherfucker! whoo hoo! victory lap, baby! rick shrugs and tosses in the remainder of his chips. 
rick: screw it. might as well go all in, right? the remaining players look to edith to see how she will play. she and rick stare-down until she shakes her head and pushes her cards forward. i fold. 
rick: i knew it! you thought i had diamonds! rick pokes his two card aliens over and over. 
rick: hey, i can't take all the credit. i couldn't do it without you. 
rick: i present a pessnion mind-reader from the triangulum quadrant! the other players'shock turns to anger. you thought you were reading my mind? even i can't read my own mind. rick grabs his pile of coins, flips one to the dealer and another to edith, then leaves the table. edith glares at rick as he walks away. she pulls out a walkie-talkie. 
rick: rick sprints towards the cash exchange. 
rick: rick turns, nearly home free, when----edith knocks into him from the side. rick goes sprawling. his chips fly out onto the casino floor. rick and edith both stare as aliens that look strangely like pigeons appear and peck at the chips, taking them, and flying away. damn it! edith listens to rick's thoughts. 
rick  (v. o.) : i'm going to punch her in the face. rick throws a punch at edith's face, but she dodges and punches him in the gut. 
rick: stop reading my mind! edith reaches behind her and pulls out a gun. holy shit! you brought a gun? edith points the gun at rick's face, but he knocks it out of her hands. he then raises his hands up to edith's neck. 
rick  (v. o.) : i'm going to choke you. i'm going to choke you. i'm going to choke you. edith backs away to avoid being choked. instead, rick kicks edith between her legs. she screams in pain. rick pushes her off him. 
rick: haha! you fell for it again! rick dives for edith's gun. then points it at her. edith's family arrives on scene. hey hey hey. back away or i shoot. the family slowly steps backwards. 
rick: now take out your wallets and toss them over here. the family complies. rick grabs the wallets, still keeping the gun held on them. good. now get on the ground and pretend that you're, i don't know... worms. yeah, that'll work. (off their reactions) do it! the family gets on the ground, then start undulating like worms. rick chuckles to himself then backs away and slips through the door morty was taken away into. moments later, a squad of security guards barrel through the door, chasing after rick. casino underground-cage 
rick: c'mon, morty. there's no time to waste. morty takes the girl's hand. 
rick: oh god, please tell me you're not bringing some alien penis virus back. 
rick: morty realizes what rick is up to and takes the girl over to the pulley system. rick covers them by shooting at the security guards. rick catches up. he grabs a crane that is connected to the pulley. hold on tight! (morty grabs rick's legs while gripping the girl's hand tightly.) (he shoots the dashboard, sending them flying up as the pulley carries them high into the sky.) (the abandoned children all stare up at the trio as they scream at the top of their lungs.) (the pulley carries them all the way back to the steps that descend into the underground camp. they hop off and make their way up the stairs.) (they are nearly free when the girl shrieks. rick and morty look back to find a security guard has grabbed the girl's ankle.) 
rick: morty, we need to get out of here! morty reaches for the girl's outstretched hand, but oncoming laser-fire forces rick to pick morty up and carry him up the stairs. 
rick: damn it, morty. who goes into a labor camp and gains weight? morty stares back at the opening to the underground camp, defeated. 
rick: haha! joke's on you, jerry! the family enters. beth is holding davin's arm. 
rick: shut your mouth or else i'll force-feed you weedkiller. rick scans the casino and finds the path to the exit is clear. come on, morty. they jump out. sneak through the crowd of aliens. the guards search for them in vain. rick and morty hide behind a roulette table. rick pokes his head out to see that the guard's head is turned. they make a run for it when----edith tackles rick from behind. her fists pound on his face. 
rick: damn it! morty, help me out here! morty stares in horror. he goes to help, but edith snarls at him. morty backs away. he desperately searches for something to help rick, when he notices a ventilation shaft. morty leaps into action. he jumps across the heads of several aliens, getting higher and higher until he jumps up----grabs a vent. he wrenches it open. a security guard in the distance sees the commotion around rick and edith as well as morty hanging from the vent. morty sticks his arm into the ventilation shaft. groping around desperately. morty, can you hurry up! i'm getting my ass beat by a sixty year old woman here! morty struggles. he can't find what he's looking for. get him! 
rick: (laughing) good job, morty. let's get out of here. they struggle to get to their feet. edith cackling like a witch, grabs rick's foot. rick kicks her in the face, she lets go, still laughing as if she felt nothing. rick and morty help each other to the exit, struggling to breathe. 
rick and morty fall out of the casino. the effects of the gas still working. 
rick: we need to find something to get off this planet. they look around and find a store with a sign that reads space bikes for rent. they laugh their asses off. irony, right? such a bitch. 
rick and morty pedal away from goruscant on a tandem bike. morty looks back, laughing but his eyes are sad. 
rick: geez, morty. you'll meet other girls, and they'll also have names, which maybe you'll take the time to learn! as they ride away, the gas begins to wear off. their laughter dies and morty's quiet sobs replace them. but seriously, that's a no on the alien penis virus, right? 
rick and morty follow an anthropomorphic pig that is dressed as a police officer. 
rick: i never lie, morty. not when it's about pigs. the officer glares back at them as he opens a door leading to a garage filled with hundreds of ships. he takes them to where rick's ship has been parked. thanks, asshole. rick hands the officer edith's family's wallets. 
rick: at least we can finally head home. as rick goes to climb in, the ship disappears. 
rick's ship materializes in the garage. 
rick sighs in defeat. 
rick: c'mon, morty. we're biking back. 
rick and morty whiz through the starscape. 
rick: trust me, morty. this part of the universe is not for sightseeing. rick cranks the wheel hard. the ship careens toward a little grey planet, dagobah. 
rick: you ll be fine. no smiling. morty immediately adopts a menacing scowl. 
rick: i need a flaxenator for the time machine. 
rick: not since summer used it as a curling iron, i don t. 
rick: the regular place was shut down by the galactic federation. it s black market or nothing from now on. try not to get stabbed. they walk into a-- 
rick: i heard you have some time machine parts. 
rick: cut the crap old man. i don t have time for your games. just show me what you got so we can get out of here. the clerk looks over rick s shoulder at the chimp. the chimp nods his assent. the clerk s eyes turn into hypno-cones too. the clerk flips the door sign to closed . he leads rick and morty to a doorway. opens the door, pulls the light chain. click. 
rick: don t be rude, morty. 
rick: yes! the lights go out. pitch black. 
rick  (o. s.) : hang on, morty! the room is bathed in an ethereal green glow. morty has found the flaxenator and turned it on. rick wrestles with the chimp! sweating and straining, rick gets him in a headlock. pins him down! 4. 
rick: huh? you like that you piece of shit? huh! rick twists his neck. snap! the chimp goes limp. dead. 
rick: hypno-chimp. the universe is filled with these little bastards. bet you thought he was cute didn t you. 
rick: that s how they get you. main titles start 
rick: technically it was self-defense. i m not sure it fits the legal definition-- 
rick: oh yeah? odd enough to knock a few flurbos off this box of junk? 
rick: no way! 
rick: because he probably has fleas. or flurms. 
rick: they re a lot like fleas, except they, you know, kill you. he takes a swig from his flask. 
rick: great. 
rick and morty are walking back to the spaceship. rick is carrying his box. morty is leading the dog on a leash. 
rick: let me tell you something, dog ever chews up anything to me, he goes right back. mean to the store. you got morty. if that that belongs and i don t me? pull back to reveal the puppy is in the spaceship. the seats are totally chewed to shreds. stuffing flies! 6. 
rick s spacecraft - later: rick and morty drive home, sitting on destroyed upholstery. morty has a different puppy in his lap. this one is brown and white. 
rick: yeah, real lucky. they speed away. 
rick: oh, yeah? i must ve forgotten to account for his mass through the worm hole. at least his flurms are dead. 
rick: don t worry about it, jerry. 
rick: that ship has sailed jerry. 
rick: i m going to the garage. i have to order new seats. he walks off sipping from his flask. 
rick: no! you made the mistake. i never said i wanted the zebra print. i m a renegade, not a pimp! (beat) three weeks! are you (bleeping) kidding me! (beat) look pal, i am personally coming down there today and kicking your zebra print ass--jerry enters. 
rick: if you want to worry about something, you should worry about this salesman s health. (into phone) no! do not put me on hold. damn it! 
rick: how should i know? i wasn t exactly an engaged parent. whatever problems she has i mostly just blame on you. 
rick: i have to run an errand. where s morty? 
rick: uggguh. max is surprised. looks at him. 
rick: uggguh! 
rick: uggguh! 
rick and max are distant black silhouettes against a glorious orange sunset. then rick takes out his blaster and shoots max in the head. blammo! 
rick is pointing his blaster at max. 
rick: you little bastard! 
rick: hypno-pup! i didn t even know they existed. must have learned it from that damn monkey. where s morty! 
rick: he s the only one who came home. he must know something. jerry grabs max by his chest fur (like it s a shirt). hauls the dog off the ground. eyeball to eyeball. 
rick: my mind meld machine will get the truth out of him. he starts fiddling with some dials and buttons. checks a computer monitor. 
rick: yesiree! with this baby we ll be able to see everything he s done since he got here. beth goes wide-eyed with terror. slaps the pasta strainer off the dog s head. stomps it to pieces. 
rick: pull your head out of your ass, jerry! this dog has taken over your family and you didn t even notice! 
rick: (to beth) have something you want to say? this ought to be good. 
rick: interesting. he actually is a son of a bitch. jerry grabs rick s blaster. aims at max. 
rick: jerry, i know you re upset because your wife would rather have sex with animals instead of you. i get that. relationships are hard. 
rick: yeah, but it was six months in dog years. and we don t know what the future holds. (to jerry) but if you pull that trigger our chances of finding morty are gone. jerry thinks. lowers the blaster. grabs max s chest fur again. 
rick: he better start talking. 
rick: don t worry morty. i m coming. morty is relieved. then beth leans over. 
rick: yeah. a ranch upstate. close up on rick as he loads his blaster. end of act ii 
rick: not now morty. we ve got a problem. 
rick: my douchinon cells, morty. they re they re they re gone. like little brown (hic) robot turds, but they smell way worse. you know what i had to do for those suckers? horrible things, morty. no man should... rick notices morty s vacant stare. christ. you didn t get into my fulumpian hash browns, did you? 
rick: whew. just reefer. otherwise you d already have the horns. coming out of your ass cheeks. you don t have any ass horns, right? 
rick: heh. y-you should see their (hic) eggs benedict. 
rick: what is this junk, anyway? 
rick: jerry! listen, this is extremely-- 
rick: uh huh, sure, go screw a aaaahh posideon s perineum, morty! rick snatches away the bag. only two cells remain. d-d-do you know what you re doing? there are intergalactic wars being fought over these! civilizations stamped out! planets bombed to glass! and you re j-j-just wolfing them down like (hic) famous amos! rick lifts morty off the couch and rushes him toward the workshop. 
rick holds morty by the shoulders and rants. 
rick: a really big problem, morty! without douchinon my whole operation goes tits up! laser gun, gone. spaceship, forgetaboudit. nipples pointed straight at the sky, morty! 
rick: it s camouflage, morty. aliens hate cookies. rick drifts off in some old flashback. morty eyes the door. 
rick: hold up just a minute! collarium? 
rick: this is perfect, morty! don t you see? when raised to a high enough temperature, collarium starts to (hic) pop and you get military grade douchinon! 
rick: you do, morty. you re gonna go in there and grab that collarium. you re gonna grab it all up and bring it back here for me. rick grabs a speed-gun type device out of a junk pile and tries turning it on. he smacks the side. 
rick: that s why it s gotta be you, morty. you ll be the world s smallest space cadet, that grub will never see you coming. 
rick: i know it, kid. you ll be a hero. just take this chillometer. rick hands morty the device, it powers on. 
rick: collarium is one of the chillest elements in the universe. anything that chill is gonna light her like a chicago barn. 
rick: y-know? sure. since you re such a whiner. rick stuffs his hand into a junk bin and pulls out a bluemetal box. 
rick: this here is a, uh, magno-shield. yeah. if anything happens, just press that little button and it ll make a big robot, no, genie, no, energy... point is, it ll protect you, morty. nothing can hurt you when you have this. he gives the magno-shield to morty and starts calibrating theportal gun. 
rick: sure, whatever. enough chitty-chat. let me just--rick meddles with the gun and accidentally shoots a portal at morty s feet. he falls through. 
rick  (v. o.) : very funny, morty. did you find it? 
rick  (v. o.) : that s gotta be the collarium, morty. get to it. morty stops in his tracks. he checks the scanner again. 
rick  (v. o.) : uh oh. how s the chillness? 
rick  (v. o.) : this is not good, morty, not good. can you see them? morty glances around. nothing. 
rick: kanye west? oh god-- 
rick: look up, morty! look up! big dramatic buildup. morty braces himself and looks up at the air duct. entirely empty. then, a huge rumbling. the ground caves away under morty and he falls into a deep, dark hole. 
rick leans over the portal, walkie talkie to his head. the extra-long antenna pokes into the other dimension. 
rick: morty? morty? ah, raptor sharts. rick loads one of the two douchinon cells into his portal device and cannonballs through the floor. 
rick  (o. c.) : geronimooooooaglblagblagunfow. 
rick: morty! you re still alive! 
rick: you know how long i was running, morty? like h-h-half an episode! i m amazed they didn t (hic) gut you already! 
rick: i was expecting (burp) entrails everywhere. vital organs strewn like like like tinsel, morty! you know, on flegaflem they have (hic) christmas, but instead of ornaments it s eyeballs! human eyeballs on a tree, morty! red, green, (hic) blue. and that s nothing compared to-- 
rick: what, morty? the cadupuians are what? 
rick: really? because that thing just tried to eat me. does eating people seem cool to you? the security grub gets up and rubs its face. 
rick: aah! it s still alive! run, morty! rick punches it again. he shoots a portal on the ground under the pile--morty and the collarium balls fall through. 
rick: thanks for (hic) breaking my fall there, morty. 
rick: you can t just tell science where to (hic) happen, morty, she s just gonna go for it wherever she wants whether you like it or not. hey, your spine s intact, what gives? rick bounces up and down on the pile of balls. these aren t collarium crystals, they re volleyballs! 
rick: you really coulda said that before i (burp) risked my ass for you, morty. rick stands up. he sets down his portal device. now we re at nothing. square one. i gotta come up with a new scheme, a new adventure, a n-new life-or-death getaway. these escapades aren t just for (hic) shits and giggles, morty. 
rick: you weren t k-kidding, morty. this planet s a nightmare, and something smells like volcanic (burp) nutsack. let s find your dad and bug out. get it, morty? bug out? eh? eh? 
rick: nah, i m just fuckin with you. 
rick: yeah, sure, whatever weirdo. we re k-k-kinda in a pinch right now, i m looking for a runaway human male. middle aged, balding, stupid face. may or may not be pissed about a fax machine. comprendo? 
rick: actually, never mind. we found him. the rest of the irs pours in and forms a firing line. jerry s front and center, next to nukington. 
rick: it s too late for them, morty. they re dead meat. morty overts his eyes--and sees the magno-shield on his hip. 
rick: you know how much a real magno-shield costs? do you, morty? me neither, cause i don t have enough (hic) smidgens to even dock at the stations that sell em! you think i d give something like that to a kid who who who can t even tell a high-energy (hic) storage medium from a chocolate chip cookie? 
rick: oh shitbiscuits. the troopers, including jerry, bear blades and each spring on the nearest grub. jerry s about to pry one s shell open. 
rick: we re getting you home, jerry, you re drunk. 
rick: yes you are. rick zaps jerry with a pocket drunkifier and he doubles over. 
rick: welp. so much for this planet. cashmore holds up a men in black style mind-wiper in front of nukington. 
rick: he s right, morty. come on. there s other tv shows in the universe. 
rick: that is the worst idea i ve ever heard. 
rick: at least it s still a better ending than-- 
rick: horrible. no deal. 
rick: do you have douchinon? 
rick: fifteen hundred douchinon cells. no more freaky alien mindwiping. 
rick: or we walk and take the idea to smarmodyne. morty looks over at the prop weapons being collected. 
rick helps jerry walk into the living room. morty trails behind. summer looks up, beth comes in from the kitchen. 
rick: yeah, great (hic) great to see you too, beth. 
rick: wow. that sure worked out real perfect and nice and and perfect for you, huh summer? no killer aliens, no cutthroat executives... 
rick: nothing. nothing. he says he s says h-h-he s fine, beth. say, who s up for master cock? 
rick: yeah, alright! one big h-h-happy family, boys and girls! 
rick: congratulations, morty. you ve taken your first step into a (burp) shittier world. 
rick sits at his workbench making tweaks to his portal gun. 
rick: that s the last time i take this thing to an intergalactic strip club. rick sticks his finger in a glob of goo that was hidden behind the handle. he slowly pulls his hand away as the goo stretches thin between the two. well, that s nasty. he shakes the goo off his finger. it splats on the floor. morty enters. hey rick. morty 
rick: well if it isn t my prepubescent (burp) chud of a grandson. what brings you to my lair of creative genius? rick takes a drink from his flask. 
rick: smartest. i m the smartest scientist. 
rick: what makes you think i haven t figured out time travel? 
rick: so, you expect by traveling back in time we can just fix any mistake we ve made and alter the past in whatever (burp) way we please? morty shrugs. 
rick: why not? one does not simply just travel back in time to fix their problems morty. 
rick: you re pretty simple, morty. your tiny brain can t begin to comprehend the complex nature that goes into time travel. 
rick: well, look who s balls dropped overnight! you think you can just walk in here and talk down to the great rick sanchez like that? 
rick: (under his breath) i ll show you, you little piece of shit. rick finds a wand looking device and holds it up in the air. he gets up from the ground, grabs morty by the arm and presses the one button located on the side of the wand. they instantly disappear. hey morty? 
rick and morty appear, surrounded by overgrown wild life and gigantic herbivorous dinosaurs. 
rick: why yes they are morty! 
rick: remember that time i said i do know how to travel through time? boom, uncle rick strikes again. he takes a drink from his flask. 
rick: morty puts his foot down and steps on a plant. what have you done! you can t interfere with anything in the past morty! 
rick: you stepped on a plant! so? 
rick: damn it, morty! you really fucked this one up! 
rick: this tiny plant could alter everything we know back home! do you have any idea what chain of events you might have disrupted by stepping on this one, magnificent little plant? rick tries to lift the plant back up, but it crumbles to the ground immediately. 
rick: you really have no concept of anything involving an ounce of intelligence morty. 
rick: well, i guess we will see if your optimism translates to anything worth while in a moment then, won t we. rick grabs morty by the wrist again and proceeds to press the same button on the wand. they disappear. 
rick: wait a minute. he walks to the wall and pushes the shelving unit down, exposing a massive nazi flag. oh my god! morty 
rick: holy shit, morty! you altered the outcome of world war ii! the nazis were never overthrown! we re nazis morty! what the fuck did you do morty! 
rick: shit morty, it s your racist nazi father. act cool. jerry enters. he has a tiny mustache. 
rick: yeah, i ll send him in when we are done here, jerry. 
rick: sorry.. wrong pipe.. what you said. jerry nods and heads back inside. 
rick: i m working on it, kid. rick continues to adjust his time travel device, turning back the nob several clicks. alright, morty, if my calculations are correct, which they are, we should arrive in the past exactly ten seconds before you literally fuck up history in the worst way possible. 
rick: seems a bit farfetched, i know, but it definitely drives home the scientific theory that a single occurrence, no matter how small, can change the course of the universe forever. both characters break the fourth wall and stare directly at the screen. rick makes one final tweak. ok, here goes nothing. he presses the button. both disappear. 
rick and morty reappear at the same location. 
rick: when the other versions of us show up, don t say or do anything. but--morty 
rick: not a thing morty! stay out of it. ok... 
rick: nobody move! the newly appeared rick and morty look over, confused. 
rick 2: damn it, morty! what did you do! 
rick: shut up, morty. i said stay out of it. 
rick 2: not you, morty. 
rick: other morty! stop running away, you re only making this worse! 
rick 2: listen to me, morty. if you step on anything, you could alter the course of history. 
rick 2: morty, wait for me! other rick sprints after his morty. 
rick: well, this went horribly wrong. again. rick readjusts his time travel device. both rick and morty disappear right before the triceratops spears them. 
rick and morty reappear. 
rick: not sure yet. 
rick: i sent us back even further. i ve got some time to work with. other rick and morty appear next to them. oh for fucks sake. 
rick 2: what d you expect? we re the same person. maybe if you stuck around to discuss with me before you went back in time we wouldn t be in this situation. 
rick: touche other rick. guess it s a bit late for that now though. 
rick: just don t do anything. again. and stay quiet so we don t draw any attention. 
rick 2: do you have a plan for when we appear? 
rick: no, i was hoping you did. rick 3 and morty 3 appear directly in front of them. everyone stares at each other. 
rick 3: so, this plan didn t work? nope. what now? no idea. 
rick 3: shut up, morty. 
rick: shut up, morty. 
rick 2: yeah, shut up, morty. 
rick: you re the same morty! 
rick: please morty! shut the fuck up and let me think! all three morty s look at rick, upset and quiet. think rick, think. rick and morty 4 appear before the group. 
rick 4: damn it, morty! what did you do! 
rick 3: nobody move! 
rick: dammit other rick! i told you that plan doesn t work! the same triceratops spots the group again and charges. 
rick 2: don t move! rick takes a drink from his flask. 
rick: let him go. we already fucked this up. see you all in ten seconds. rick readjusts the device and disappears with his morty. 
rick: thanks for pointing that out, morty. i m sure i couldn t have figured that out all on my own, morty. real big help you are. 
rick: not now, morty. let me think for a minute. 
rick: technically, it s only been a few seconds, but yeah, i m working on it boss. a tyrannosaurus rex eats a morty. 
rick 17: what do we do now, other rick? rick 17 zaps a charging stegosaurus, it disintegrates. he takes another sip from his flask. 
rick: i m working on it. maybe if some of you lazy assholes helped out a little, i d be able to solve this problem that much faster. 
rick 7: you re the one that got us into this mess, you can find us a way out. 
rick 29: this is why we never time travel! 
rick: don t you think i know that? it s all this little bastards fault. 
rick: well, sometimes sorry doesn t correct the cluster fuck of a situation your dumbass manages to get us in, now does it, morty? 
rick: finally! i ve been waiting for you to throw your little bitch fit so you d storm off and leave me the fuck alone so i can think. rick finishes his count of the group. he pulls out his portal gun and takes off a component. he sticks his time travel device inside, attempting to combine the two. morty looks at rick, eyes welling up. he clenches his fists. 
rick: morty, can you speed up the dramatic exit please? rick continues to tweak his device. 
rick makes some final adjustments to his portal gun. several ricks sit around him and watch, bored. 
rick 37: are you done yet, your highness? 
rick: as a matter of fact--rick raises up his new and improved portal gun. suck on this mother fucker! the ricks look at it in amazement. 
rick 27: what does it do? 
rick: well, rick 27, i have managed to reconfigure my portal gun to interact with my time travel device when i select this setting. he shows the gun to the group. there is now a new setting on the dial that has fix time etched in chicken scratch on the side of the handle. once i establish a portal, i can link one end to this time line, while linking the other end to the present time line. i can then send every rick and morty back to the present before anyone can even leave a footprint. the group of rick s talk amongst themselves. once they agree with the plan, they give rick a round of applause. thank you, thank you. i know, i m a genius. 
rick 17: how soon till we can fix the past? rick looks around for any sign of morty. 
rick: as soon as we find that pain in the ass of a grandson. 
rick: morty! how many of you are left? morty looks around at the small group. 
rick: dammit! why couldn t you hang on to just two more! 
rick 29: that ll be 300 tickets to blips and chitz! pay up boys! 
rick 5: do you accept payment by courier flap? 
rick: of course we did. that bet was a sure thing, but i guess i gave you more credit than you were worthy of. rick perfectly times a jump cross the water. he steps on both alligator heads as he crosses and leaps over to the island. 
rick: relax morty, you weren t one of the mortys i bet against. you made my final six. i could have been like rick 26 and bet against you. 
rick 26: yup, 0 for 2 on bets today, i m afraid. rick 26 hands over blips and chitz tickets to another rick. 
rick: see? i m not that bad. 
rick: well, a little is good enough for me. now, how about we get out of here. 
rick: (to other ricks) i am leaving you all now! nobody follow after me and try to fix this. you will only make it worse. i will be the rick to restore order as if none of you ever existed. that s the way it has to be. 
rick 2: god speed, rick! make us other ricks proud. rick nods and bids the group farewell. he grabs morty by the wrist, they disappear. 
rick and morty appear in the cubism reality. rick and morty look around the garage confused. 
rick: whoa... this is trippy. he walks to his two dimensional workbench and pushes it over. it falls flat to the floor. 
rick: i guess it s the garage. looks like pacasso took a few too many tabs, am i right? 
rick: probably better off that way. 
rick: jesus, jerry! your face! 
rick: my face is normal, jerry. yours is an abomination. 
rick: no, it s not jerry. now if you ll excuse us, we have a mess to clean up, and by mess, i m talking about your face. rick walks towards jerry and leads him back into the house. 
rick: rick pushes him out and closes the door. he locks it. geez, morty, you really did a number on you father. 
rick: very. so here s the plan. i m going to set up several portals that end here in this garage. rick shoots five portal holes at the wall. all are green. i will link these exits to the many portals i will create when i jump back in time. 
rick: you are going to stay here and make sure nobody gets out or interferes with anything while i m gone. 
rick: we are still in the present day, but at the moment, our reality is totally fucked. once i begin to send the other rick and mortys through these portals, things should go back to normal. at least that s what i m banking on. 
rick: possibly, but it s a risk we have to take. you saw your father. we can t leave things the way they are. 
rick: rick resets his device. here goes nothing, kid. he disappears. good luck. morty 
rick appears. there are no other rick and mortys in the area. he begins strategically placing portals throughout the area, remembering the exact spots that each pair appeared. each portal is placed on the ground so that when a rick and morty appear, they will immediately fall into the hole and be transported to the present day until they vanish. 
rick: this plan better work. the first wave of rick and mortys appears, all immediately fall into their respective portal. others continue to pop up, just to disappear instantly. alright, morty. do your thing. 
rick 2: what did he do? 
rick: the plant. don t step on it. morty 2 looks down at the plant. 
rick: so much. so fucking much. 
rick 2: well, thanks for the heads up other rick. 
rick: my pleasure, other rick. now that you ve seen the past--rick shoots a portal underneath their feet. it s time to call it a day. both rick and morty 2 fall into the portal. 
rick and morty 2 land in the garage. only morty is left. everything is back to the way it was before. 
rick: easy there champ. you re gonna pop a rib. 
rick: good. i m happy to hear that. and as for this little guy. rick pulls the time travel device out of the portal gun and snaps it over his knee. some things are better left unexplored. 
rick: what do you say we get out of here and grab some ice cream? 
rick: out of curiosity, what made you want to go back in time in the first place? 
rick: not sure i believe that answer, but i ll accept it this time. morty takes a sigh of relief as they walk off into the distance. 
rick: you re really killing me with all this homework morty. 
rick: i had to burp-wait here all day with your sister watching reruns of friends. do you, do you know how inconsiderate that is? 
rick: that s not true summer, i-i-i came in, i came in and said"where s morty? i got experiments to run"remember? 
rick: no, then you started pulling that"i didn t even get a birthday card"card like a teen-burp-age girl. 
rick: these aren t even new episodes. 
rick: your school is failing you, summer, anything is possible. you think we can t find a way to make new friends? 
rick: that s a terrible plan. what, we do that, then they pump out a few more episodes with worn out writers and overpaid actors walking through scenes? no thank you. if we do this, we burp do this right. jerry and beth enter holding a cake that reads"happy birthday summer, go get it girl!"as rick, morty and summer go through a portal. 
rick: it is nearly identical to our universe but they have totally different religious principals, so it s friends but with totally different b plots. like the butterfly effect. 
rick, morty and summer step through a portal. they are not wearing togas. 
rick: this is dimension tog-4. 
rick: it is nearly identical to our universe but they believed completely different religions through out history, so it s friends has totally different b plots. the butterfly effect. 
rick: no, just a small difference in the past can change everything. here, ashton burp-kutcher is a hideously ugly senator. they had to totally rewrite the butterfly effect. something as big as religion could lead to millions of differences, including new episodes of friends. 
rick: different, i didn t say better. that movie was underated, even with it s flaws. but yeah, when they got rid of it s burp-biggest flaw and hired leo instead, different became better. 
rick: in this reality greek mythology is real. 
rick: i-i-it s so much burp. 
rick: much better if you just don t ask questions. y-y-you wanted new episodes of friends, this is as close as i can get you? 
ricky: jesus, you re worse than morty. 
ricky: i-i-i took us to a different dimension where all of greek mythology is true, zeus, ti-burp-titans all of it. it all happened and is still happening. a-a-and in all the infinite universes, there was one where greek mythology is real and they also happened to create the show friends. friends starts playing on the television. 
ricky: yeah i know. everything s different here. even things that are burp the same are different. jerry and beth reenter without the cake but wearing togas. 
rick and morty and summer sit on the couch watching friends. 
rick: oh yeah, happy birthday. 
rick: there s a bunch of other cool things i could show you in this universe too. 
rick: i ve already seen this one summer, so if i could go with morty... 
rick: seriously, i-i-i got a lot of burp things i could be doing right now. 
rick: summer i though by now y-y-you d see that time is relative. and my time compared to yours is far more valuable. but burp fine, it s probably at about the ratio of your entire life to this afternoon, so i ll give you two more episodes. 
rick: but you know, i don t think i m getting enough credit for spending this much time with you. i came over to get morty for important science stuff. i changed my plans today for you and it feels like you are taking that for granted. 
rick: gonna be honest, depends on the episode. i won t watch anything with medusa in it. 
rick: summer wanted new episodes of friends. 
rick: oh yeah, there s an infinite number of dimensions, all with slightly different episodes of friends. 
rick: bye, lame rick. 
rick: what, you re losing interest just because it s j-j-just getting good? the other toga rick, toga morty and toga summer come through the portal. 
rick: sorry, probably should have warned you, our friends is the worst one by far. 
rick: do you mind if i borrow your dimension gun thingy? i don t have a spare. toga rick hands him his dimension jumping gun. 
rick: right. rick and morty go through the portal. 
rick: dumbass. he s never getting this back. 
rick: hey, another version of me stole my spare, i m just paying it forward. 
rick: what do you me-burp-mean? 
rick: it was friends morty, but if it was written in a world where greek mythology was the ruling frammework for how things worked. what didn t you get about that? 
rick: it s not about what you wanted to see. it s about burp what you needed to see morty. 
rick: then learn morty. it was so you could learn things. or whatever. 
rick: i have to spell everything out for you morty. it means that in some dimension, in some universe, jennifer anniston took some goat dick. so you can do anything rick. there are no rules. 
rick: wow, gotta say, morty, i m impressed. i didn t think you d pick up on that. 
rick: okay, so greek mythology wasn t really real there, it was just a dimension where somebody thought it would be a good idea to make friends intertwined with greek mythology. that was the only thing that was really different about the universes. 
rick: i know. we don t have concrete proof jennifer anniston took some goat dick. and u-u-unfortunately ashton is burp just as good looking but i d still like to believe, morty. because for some reason he wasn t in the butterfly effect in that dimension. and that s something. that s burp-enough for me. 
rick: do you know how awesome friends is when combined with greek mythology? it s perfect storytelling, morty, it was very influential. 
rick: that s really something to burp strive for, there. aw, did morty bake you a cake? he s a sweet kid, you know? 
rick: ohh i feel it, morty! what'd i tell you, this really is the best-we zoom in on the sand. the grains are made of tiny living sand creatures and they're freaking out!! morty screams, shaking them out of his hand. 
rick: it's fine, morty, that's just how sand is on beach planet. other than contributing to the systemic destruction of a species every time you take a step, it's the best beach in the galaxy! morty's eyes widen with the realization he is sitting on billions of living creatures. he jumps to his feet. 
rick: killing people on the beach is an american pastime! remember jaws, morty? besides--rick wiggles his toes in the sand."morty hears a what?" they feel so good between your toes, hahaha. morty covers his eyes. 
rick: christ, morty, okay. it's about time we head out anyways, i've finished testing the water's pee levels. 
rick: yeah, they're off the charts. let's get out of here. rick gets up and heads towards the ship. 
rick: make sure you brush off before you get in, i don't want my ship full of sand, you know how hard it is to get that shit out once it gets in? 
rick: (sarcastic) oh boy, what is this? some kind of party? jerry looks up from the paper. 
rick: jesus, you guys are pathetic. just content to sit inside allll day. and i'm not just saying that like a baby boomer would say to millennials. you guys are actually boring. 
rick: please. zip lining? is that the best you can think of? i've got just the thing for you two kids. 
rick: ohh, ya hear that jerry?"self discovery trip."i wonder what that could mean. have you seen how hot some of those tour guides are? if i were you i wouldn't give her time to think about it. 
rick: you're right jerry, we weren't expecting that. we weren't expecting it to be so lame. rick and summer high five. jerry hangs his head in shame. 
rick: so it's settled, you and beth go get ready. jerry leaves the room, rick takes his seat. 
rick: i've got a little self discovering of my own, summer. self discovering my ass on this seat! 
rick: it's as safe as you want it to be, this is tour-west world! what? beth 
rick: tourist world. jerry starts to take off his helmet. 
rick: jerry! put your helmet back on! (to beth) but yeah, it's fine. 
rick: yeah, yeah. call me if you need me. just, you know, try not to need me. rick turns around and walks through an open gate. the gate closes as he walks up to what looks like a ticket booth. 
rick: uhh, two for the romantic getaway please. 
rick: i'll uh, i'll just pay full price. 
rick is tinkering with something in his lab. he fidgets uncomfortably in his seat, then goes back to tinkering. he fidgets once more, visibly annoyed. he reaches down the back of his pants to scratch. what the- 
rick: rick takes a close look at his hand, now dotted with grains of sand. 
rick: oh my god, you've gotta be kidding me. morty!! rick storms up the stairs to morty's room. 
rick finds a shattered ant farm and pile of sand on morty's desk. morty walks out of the bathroom, drying his hands on his shirt. he sees rick standing in his doorway, fuming. 
rick: exactly what i thought. what the f is this morty? morty sees the broken ant farm for the first time. 
rick: are you some kind of tourist now, bringing home sand from the beach? and now i've gotta be the one to clean up your stupid little mess. summer walks in with a posterboard covered in stock pictures of different fingers, titled"evolution of the hand." 
rick: without the harsh beach environment, morty, the sand creatures reproduced and infested this whole place. we have to call in a special cleaning crew to exterminate these awful things. 
rick: yes, cleaning crew, or more of a cleaning man. pretty much the space equivalent of billy mays. you don't expect us to just vacuum this up do you? have you ever tried to vacuum up sand before? it's impossible, you'll never get it all. maybe on a hard wood floor, maybe, but no way, not on carpet! rick pulls out his phone and dials the number for space billy mays. morty smacks the phone right out of his hands. 
rick: oh, you wanna talk about responsibility? remember what happened to your sea monkeys? 
rick: morty check this out! you know your little sea monkeys? well, i gmo'd them up with a little hgh for you. two giant ripped looking sea monkeys step into the kitchen and they don't look happy with morty. 
rick: typical morty, can never take responsibility for his mistakes. 
rick: shut it, summer. you can't keep these things, they're pests. the only way would be to shrink down to sand size, gain control of their society to establish a utopia, and stabilize their population to keep them from infesting the house. but that's stupid. 
rick: oh you did not-are you serious right now you little bitch?! morty i bet that i can create a utopian sand society before you can! if i win i get to keep them as pets! 
rick: oh my god, i don't have time for this, morty. rick goes to pick up the phone, but morty kicks it out of reach. rick gets in morty s face. 
rick: fine, you're on! but when i win you have to go school wearing sugar coated lip gloss and a lute suit with the butt cheeks cut out, and let me do any experiments i need to do on you for the next 3 weeks! 
rick: okay, morty, are you sure you wanna go through with this bet? all it takes is one call to space billy mays and this whooole situation is over. rick holds the phone up, ready to dial the number. 
rick: okay, everyone get in the ship. the quicker morty learns not to be such a baby, the quicker we can get back. 
rick: you wanted to get involved so bad well, here you go, summer! rick and morty take off, leaving summer with a small group of sand people. 
rick and morty fly over morty’s tribe of about three-hundred sand people. naturally, they've already begun construction on homes. 
rick: that's what you think. i can't wait to see you fail miserably. you'll be like,"oh darn, guess i should've listened to my genius grandpa instead of being a gigantic piss baby about everything all the time."do you even have a game plan, morty? 
rick: wow, are you done? 
rick: morty steps out and rick takes off. 
rick lands his ship and steps outside, wearing a jet pack. his sand people surround him, awestruck. rick clears his throat. 
rick: riiiiiiiiick!!!! the sand people look around for a moment before erupting with a cheer. 
rick rolls up his sleeve and checks his watch. 
rick: alllright, utopia achieved, congrats rick. rick rolls up his sleeve and checks his other watch. he has two watches. 
rick: well, look at that, it's time to rub it in morty's face. rick flies over to morty's city. the sky is full of smog and the grounds are littered with propaganda and garbage. rick sees a line of sand people marching as far as the eyes can see. he follows their path to a gigantic wall. morty is hovering above it, directing the sand people to the other side. he's all sweaty and looks like a sad, gross politician. rick lands his ship and jet packs over to morty. 
rick: what do you got going on here, morty? 
rick: wow. well, you can stop now because i already won the bet. 
rick: get in the ship morty, i'll show you. 
rick and morty are hovering above the utopia. morty sees the sand people running back and forth in bee suits, pressing buttons and pulling levers. 
rick: have a seat morty, the process will be explained. rick presses a button in his ship and a projector pops out. a black and white education video starts to project onto a building wall. it begins with a title card reading"the sanchez way to a perfect, utopian society." 
rick: because it's funny! 
rick: shut up, morty, just keep watching. 
rick: you're stupid! you're going to miss the best part, haha. i told them there's a big smelly sand giant in the sky waiting to drag them into a sandy hell and rape their butts with a molten hot fire poker until their insides turn to glass. if those buttons aren't pushed and those switches aren't switched quick enough, he's coming to get'em. it's all in the scripture. rick presses the remote and the screen shows a biblical style drawing of a giant, ugly morty, angrily looking over working sand people in bee suits. 
rick: of course not. rick points to a conveyor belt attached to one of the machines. 
rick: the work creates more bee suits and honey! it's a flawless cycle! 
rick: we have to go, now! rick and morty rush into the ship. sand people start to throw themselves on top of it. 
rick: i don't know, morty, but i'm willing to bet it was your fault. we have to find summer and get out of here. they arrive at morty's city. it's in an even more severe state of disarray than before. sand people are piling up on both sides of the wall, tearing at it. 
rick: what's she doing? summer is standing still looking towards the sky. a shadow begins to swallow the city. rick and morty look up. a silhouette of a cell phone and a glass of water are rumbling off the edge of the living room table. 
rick: we gotta land the ship, we can't go down there and risk the ship being piled on. we'll use the jetpacks. they land the ship a distance away from the chaos and get out. 
rick: morty, go calm down your sand people. i'll go get summer. morty flies above the wall. 
rick's phone and a glass of water are on the very edge of the table. a final vibration causes the glass to start to fall over the edge. the phone says one missed call. we zoom in 
rick: woah, we're in a bit of a sandy situation! haha, am i right? what?? summer 
rick: like a sticky situat-whatever, just hang on. the sand people now have morty tied to a wooden cross and are carrying him off like some kind of holy son. 
rick: nice, morty, way to go on this one. did a real bang up job, didn't ya? rick and summer struggle to get to morty. suddenly we hear a mass screaming and the sound of rushing water. the sand people in the area stop and look towards the screaming. a giant tsunami wave is crashing over the land. the people drop morty and begin to run for their lives. 
rick: jesus, morty, tied to a cross? you really are full of yourself aren't you? 
rick: morty! morty, i just thought of an even better way to create a utopian society! 
rick: excuse me, pardon me. he pushes his way through the officers as they stand frozen. beth and jerry look up, tears in their eyes. wha-what? dad?! jerry 
rick: hahaha, nice one, jerry! you really peed your pants! 
rick: you tell me! i leave you two alone in an augmented reality for less than a day and you're already wanted criminals. beth and jerry look at each other. defeated, they walk back to rick's ship and head home. 
rick: yeah, i guess so. 
rick: haha, you sure can morty.. with mind control honey! 
rick: you said it, jerry. rick kicks his feet up onto the coffee table and they all share a big family laugh. 
rick and morty are watching the advertisement on the tv. 
rick: oh my god! i had no idea! i honestly had no idea, morty! 
rick: what the fuck? morty holds a camera above his head, and water drips from it. 
rick: no shit morty, this place is fucked. rick creates a new portal. 
rick: not having much luck today. morty takes a photo. 
rick: sorry morty, i know you wanted to see a cool new planet earth. let s go home. 
rick: you re right, we could save this planet and fix the mess god left behind. 
rick: (startled) ah, em, i did, just didn t care to mention, you know, sometimes your grandpa likes to be humble and not shove my intelligence in your face. 
rick: we re on holiday morty, just not in the mood. 
rick: (speaks over morty) just like god. 
rick: em jerry, what the fuck are you doing? a startled jerry turns around. 
rick: jerry focus! why are you risking your life looking through my work? i told you my stuff is booby-trapped. 
rick: get out, that s enough q a for today. jerry2 walks out. 
rick  (o. s.) : (shouts) i m on it, sweetie. 
rick: morty, tell your dad to stay out of my laboratory, it s dangerous. 
rick: bye idiot. rick slams the door shut. 
rick: what was? your father always gets trapped in there. 
rick: dammit, morty, i was in holiday mode. rick grabs his flask, and takes a drink. rick back to normal. drinks again. flips his whiteboard. a scoreboard marks the top right corner rick 4 revenge rick- (ez4) 2 rick strikes out the 2, replaces it with a 4. the rest of the whiteboard details various plans, building plans, planets, and a crude drawing of the spacecar with a line drawn from it with the wordstake microverse battery 
rick: two jerrys isn t just a coincidence, it s revenge rick. that bastard is at it again. rick writes on the board. 
rick: i ve managed to shield you from revenge morty until now. revenge? 
rick: what did he do morty? that guy s got an attitude problem. 
rick: don t test me morty. this guy is pissing me off. morty so what are you going to do? rick points to the whiteboardproject blue beam 
rick: i m going to humiliate him or kill him. all the same to me. 
rick and morty walk down a corridor. revenge rick of planet earth dimension ez4, dressed as a futuristic scientist with a debonair slick hairstyle, turns a corner, faces rick. 
rick: fuck off, rick. rick and morty continue walking. 
rick: as i was saying before i was rudely interrupted, i hate this fucking place, rude ricks, mortys, they re everywhere. 
rick: except you morty. rick and morty turn a corner out of sight. revenge rick squints his eyes. 
rick and morty are in his spacecar; that hovers over a box placed next to the garage. 
rick: time to end this. he flies up, a rope connected to the box lifts. a dozen jerrys fall out from the crammed box. rick gives all twelve jerrys the bird. 
rick: fuck you jerrys. 
rick: time to mess with these dummies. rick presses a button on the dashboard. beethoven s ode to joy plays out on speakerphone. presses another button, projects a blue laser that creates a god hologram in the shape of a noodly brain appendage. the god hologram floats above the twelve jerrys. 
rick presses the speakerphone button. 
rick: that s five to four you loser. don t test me, there s only one winner. rick flies away. 
rick: as expected. going to plan. away. fire away. (jerry9 raises his arm.) 
rick: came back to grab something. 
rick: sure, sweetie, i ll take this slice of happiness with me. beth2 awww, dad of the year! rick lovingly gives beth a kiss on her forehead, then takes the slice, walks into 
rick throws the slice of cake into the bin next to the door. rick suddenly sees twelve jerrys stare back at him from their seats. 
rick: (surprised) whoa. why are you dummies here? i know i wouldn t be so altruistic to help make you smarter, can t teach an idiot when the brain gave up at birth. 
rick: say what? 
rick: the other rick is failing in life if he s asking a jerry for help. 
rick: (to jerry3) so why is the other rick not here? 
rick: the council of ricks? 
rick: the smartest scientist in the universe! wabba labba dub dub. 
rick: relax morty, he s gone to my lab to steal. smart man. if you can t beat him, steal and usurp me. he knows who s boss. he s a dead man. rick walks over to a storage cabinet, opens the door, slides out a large rock with a broken mirror attached, then picks up a control. 
rick: (rhetorical) what s this bozo up to? a circular dial and digital numeric display atop. he turns the dial. planet earth on fire appears in the mirror. turns the dial again, sees another jerry13 poking through his belongs in the mirror. rick picks up the empty plate, throws it at jerry 
rick: you nosy bastard. stay out! turns the dial again. summer stares at the time travel stuff box. 
rick: (warning) summer. turns the dial again. rick sees revenge rick under the hood of his spacecar, breaking a wire to the microverse battery, then affixes an object to it. 
rick: (under his breath) a ha. caught you red-handed you bastard. 
rick: i don t speak like that handsome bastard. 
rick: two can play at this game. won t see this coming. he beth walks in. 
rick: genius morty. 
rick: (impatient) who here wet themselves when the car backfired last week? six jerrys lower their arms. 
rick: you re welcome, sweetie. 
rick: god this lovefest is making me sick. rick opens a cabinet marked supplies, and sees an open bag of glowing red rocks sits center. he grabs the bag. moves his arm across all shelves, pushing all the various supplies into the bag. 
rick: come on morty, let s go. rick creates a portal, morty and rick leave. 
rick and morty arrive. they hide behind a bush, peer through the kitchen window, and see beth and summer sit at the table. summer uses her hand to cover her nose and mouth. 
rick: (whispers) shush morty, we need those two idiots to leave. 
rick: (whispers) the very thing i tried to stop. the horse walks over to morty, and blows its nostrils over him. mucus slime covers morty like silly string. 
rick: it s just a phase she s going through morty, she ll get over it. 
rick: not cool morty, no one likes a snitch. i d expect this behavior from jerry but not from you. 
rick: shush. 
rick: that s my beer! bastard! morty puts his finger to his mouth. 
rick: (whispers) bastard! 
rick: remind me sweetie. 
rick: and. 
rick: school is for losers. 
rick: why does this place smell like a shithole? beth looks outside. 
rick: i ll ignore that deflection, you re bringing the horse in here while we re not around, aren t you? rick looks down, and sees horseshoe marks across the kitchen floor. 
rick: like a hobo, i m out of here too. morty, stay here, your grandpa s got to fix the mess he left behind. morty sits at the table, pinches his nose, then takes a drink. 
rick enters. he picks up the first gadget he sees, looks at it. 
rick: sloppy, just bad evil rick. obvious. so he pulls out a device, then re-attaches some wiring. 
rick: to think i d fall for that. you must be kidding. 
rick and morty enter. jerry, beth, and summer sit eating their breakfast. 
rick: i said test me, not throw trivia at me. this is so fucking simple, it s a waste of my time. 
rick: it s never a waste. i ve made my point. it s caused by a physical reaction that affects the growth rate of carbon dioxide bubbles, encouraged by the disruption of polar attractions between water molecules creating bubble growth sites. simply put, the rougher the surface, the more bubbles, the higher the geyser. rick and morty sit down. 
rick: i don t usually talk shop knowing the level i m working with. it slipped out. it s all morty s fault. jerry s eyes look up to the corner of the room. he then nods. 
rick: that silence you re hearing jerry is your family s stunned reaction. 
rick: in this family there s an intelligence pecking order. summer and beth are above you and morty isn t that far behind you. i m obviously the smartest here. that s a no-brainer. but when you understand anything scientific i say before summer does, then something s definitely wrong. 
rick walks over to the kitchen counter. 
rick: morty come over here. i want to show you something. morty follows. 
rick: you want to know what the best thing about science is? 
rick: fuck no, that s easy. nobel can shove his award he knows where. it s the pranks. 
rick: you take this pin, attach the string, feed it through the center of the mento, and loop it back to tie a knot. he holds the string up and shows the mento hanging. then grabs the bottle lid. 
rick: you place the mento inside the bottle at the top, slowly screw the lid on gently, then pull the string so the mento is hidden from view. then lastly cut the end of the string. we don t want jerry to suspect someone s tampered with his diet coke. 
rick: you re right morty. diet drinks are the biggest con in the industry. replace one sugar with a substitute. both equally as bad as each other. take it from a scientist. i know. beth walks over to the sink and drops off some dirty dishes. 
rick: we were just leaving. see here. nothing to rick leaves for the garage. 
rick enters and walks over to a miniature house replicating the smith home that doesn’t have a front wall. a dashboard displays various buttons equaling separate time periods. the buttons denote, last hour, six hours, twelve hours, twenty-four hours, fast forward, rewind, remove entity, and undo. rick presses the button for twenty-four hours. the smith family appear as holograms around the home. h.morty’s in his room, h.summer’s in hers, h.beth’s in the bathroom, and h.jerry’s downstairs watching television. h.rick views the entire smith household’s activities from the night before in the garage. morty enters. 
rick: did you see the look on jerry s face? no, why? though. 
rick: he sure does. that bastards up to something. morty sees the miniature house. 
rick: take a closer look einstein. 
rick: yeah. i can t believe this, but i think i missed something. morty it hasn t gone unnoticed, try not to masturbate when i m experimenting. gives me the shudders. 
rick: last night. aw jeez, you re about to do it again. look away morty. h. morty sits on the bed and brings up the site rubhub. tv. h. rick averts his eyes and shudders. rick averts his eyes and shudders too. 
rick: can t morty. i ll just remove you. rick selects h. morty and presses to remove entity. a relieved morty removes his hands. 
rick: there! he s been manipulated somehow through the television. it s like subliminal advertising using sex to sell. if you blink you miss it. one frame of animation displaying the word sex across the entire screen. oh wow. smart. 
rick: (laughs) never ever going to happen. rick walks to the door. 
rick: back in a minute. 8. 
rick approaches jerry who’s looking out the window. 
rick: fuck no. rick quickly brings out his stun gun and shoots jerry. jerry falls, his head smacks off the wall, then floor, and creates a huge thud. rick then carries jerry over his shoulder. 
rick: that was jerry s head against the floor, so inconsiderate. 
rick: jerry s a clone. 
rick: what a mess. missing organs, smarter intelligence. this clone s a fucking disgrace. you could have done better. 
rick: what the fuck. the house of taigs. 
rick: really bad. they re more famously recognized as the cult of fenians. they re pissed at me because a deal we agreed on, didn t work out as expected. 
rick: don t go to the worst possible thought morty. it s not always my fault. 
rick: better. they had asked me to create a new element for them. i call it element rick. it was so powerful, eternal energy, the best element ever, and most powerful known to man. you could consume it, turn you into a superhero, create structures, weapons, everything. so versatile just like me. i couldn t let them have it, it would destroy their economy. i had to keep it to save them. you d say i was altruistic if you knew the word. 
rick: (pleased) thanks morty. i knew you d understand. rick gives morty goggles, then holds his own goggles, and then gives jerry an electric shock. jerry speaks, even though he s still unconscious. 
rick: definitely different. when stunned, jerry normally just twitches and pisses himself. 
rick: it s taigish; an alien language. jerry s been captured. it s up to us to save him. 
rick: it s tiring i know. but your mother would want it this way. 
rick: oops. summer don t just walk in unannounced. now look what you made me do. jerry bursts into flames. summer screams. 
rick: relax summer, he s an empty vessel. 
rick: thirty minutes tops. these aliens are sneaky, but not smart. rick grabs a pyramid shaped gadget with a light on top, and puts it into a bag. then slings it over his shoulder. 
rick: no whining, bitching, moaning. no summer being summer. then you can come. i need someone to look after the car. 
rick: (ponders) hmmm, that s an improvement. 
rick: i love the enthusiasm morty. but there s a time and place to ask questions. now s not the time. 
rick: geesus, fucking kids. look, sometimes your grandpa has to make sure. 
rick: i ve been conducting tests on you all every week since i moved in. what?! 
rick: relax morty, it s a good thing. you all should be thanking me! i make sure you re well, in good heath, and not alien. 
rick: oh god summer. such a pain in my ass. the clone slipped in last night. what s wrong with you morty? what?! 
rick: that s my point. you let your sister throw her accusations without defending me. 
rick: thank god. 
rick: probably probing him. a man made false positive walking contradiction. 
rick: (interrupts summer) we re here, no more questions! rick parks the spacecar at what looks like a circular amusement space station. 
rick: don t believe what you see or think. if you want something, you really don t. got it?! 
rick: morty come. summer stay put. 
rick: oops. summer, don t just walk in unannounced. now look what you made me do. h. jerry bursts into flames. h. summer screams. a shocked beth turns off the holograms. 
rick and morty walk in, stop, then look around. two alien strippers approach rick and morty. they take an arm each. 
rick: (to his alien stripper) not today. rick s on business. (to morty s alien stripper) inappropriate, lady! come back in four years. rick pulls his arm away from his alien stripper, then grabs morty s arm. rick keep walking morty. if you stand still something will jump on you. worse than a homeless person trying to clean a car windscreen in rush hour. arcades with holograms try to entice new customers. slot machines advertise a million billion danks currency. a sign catches morty s eyefree computer games this way 
rick: can t believe i m going to say this. morty stay on topic, we re here to save jerry. rick shakes his head. 
rick: some days i hate myself. alien waitresses that appear like ladybugs, walk about with their trays and drinks. barmen aliens are like octopuses. 
rick: hmmm no security, guards, police, soldiers, or undercover spies. 
rick: why would they have spies within their own premises? they d be glorified guards. look around morty. do you see a suit? anybody carrying a weapon? 
rick: come on. rick and morty walk towards the center. gas clouds descends in front of them. 
rick: watch out taigs, ch4 inorganic chemicals, butt gas morty. cover your nose. these dingbats are those aliens i told you about. morty blocks his nostrils. 
rick: that s no way to greet an old friend. be thankful you re still alive taig, and you re welcome. 
rick: i m fed up with your kind taking advantage of the disadvantaged. 
rick: no morty, look away! 
rick: i feel a shudder coming on. taig leader points to the various taig soldiers to take action. 
rick: damn intergalactic internet, and cheap knock off goods from the planet ohina. the warranty just expired too. the taig aliens can t move. 
rick: but i have you fops. rick shoots taig leader. 
rick: i need a drink. rick waves over a ladybug waitress. 
rick: a bottle of your strongest liqueur. none of that pussy watered down shit you import from trumpistan. 
rick: probably knee deep in the mindfuck shit he s always dreamt of. 
rick: this way. they turn a corner and see jerry relaxing on a sun lounger. he s surrounded by hazy substance that s fixed in place, glows, and wobbles in the middle of a large arena. 
rick: he can t hear you morty. dream-like mindset. he s in a 
rick: basically. pull your top over your mouth and nose. they enter the haze. 
rick: morty, ignore jerry s gay thoughts. it s not always what it seems. 
rick: me too. don t tell your mom. it would devastate her. jerry consumes his drink quickly, then holds up his empty glass. 
rick: fuck off jerry. if you want a drink, ask your boyfriend. 
rick: (slowly) fuck right off jerry. your dream s worse than a concentration camp. the ladybug waitress arrives with rick s drink. he grabs it. 
rick: perfect timing. jerry stands up and looks around. 
rick: look around jerry. two ricks, two mortys. sleepy gary was two seasons ago. you ve taken the mandela effect to a whole new level. 
rick: you re in hell and you don t even know it. rick punches jerry and knocks him out. all apparitions disappear. rick grabs jerry s arms. 
rick: grab the legs morty. 
rick: open the door summer. jerry s a lot heavier than he looks. 
rick: no he s not. geesus beth. you really need to get a grip. the crash landing awakens jerry. jerry sits up, then rubs his head. 
rick: if i killed him, there would be no evidence. i m not a hack. jerry picks up some ash, then looks at the photo. 
rick: are you sure jerry? all that caffeine will keep you up for hours. 
rick: (just catches on) oh yes! summer arrives back with the bottle and glass in hand. beth turns on interdimensional cable. 
rick: woah, first ball fondlers. now naked justice. amazing. morty uncomfortably shuffles on the spot. 
rick: (laughs) yeah naked ball fondlers for justice. jerry sets his glass down. morty and rick stand up and step back. 
rick: emm i m a little tired. morty stretches his arms. 
rick: science rules. summer, beth, and jerry are soaked. 
rick: oh, great morty, you re here. 
rick: hey, buddy. i got something really neat to show you. it s a spectacle like nothing you ve ever seen before. (checks his watch) but we got to get going, as in now, otherwise we ll lose it. 
rick: (annoyed) uggh! stupid jerry. constant inconvenient. rick comes closer and puts his hand on morty s shoulder. morty, you really can t miss this! this is something special, morty. tell summer to deal with jerry on her own and hurry. he checks his watch again. 
rick: don t worry about your dad, morty. you ll make up to him later. the park is boring, anyways. now come, before we miss our window. 
rick: of time. this special thing i want to show you, it happens once every year, morty. but it s in dorpuntzelp. their gravitational pulse is different from ours, morty. every year here is fifteen over there. it s quantum physics, morty. haven t you seen interstellar? it s the same principle. now go tell summer she ll have to deal with your dad solo. 
rick: are you ready, morty? 
rick: good. 
rick: too late. i already bought our tickets and if there s one thing about dorpuntzelpians we all know is that they give no refunds. 
rick: don t be selfish, summer. me and morty, we take jerry away from you plenty of times. just do us a solid and try to keep your complaining to a minimum. he takes his portal gun out. summer surrenders, speechless. morty smiles. come on, morty. we have places to be. 4. he opens up a portal. rick walks into it, followed by morty. 
rick and morty step out of a portal. morty is taken by surprise with how shinny and pretty everything in this world looks. 
rick: here we are, morty. oh, yeah! this is exciting! get ready to get you socks blown, son! 
rick: wait until you see the best part. he takes a sip from his flask. 
rick: you won t believe your eyes, morty! morty smiles. rick looks around. after a brief beat, he senses something is off. 
rick: (scratching his chin) uhhh, that s strange. 
rick: nothing, nothing. (checks his watch) hey, morty, is today thursday? 
rick: well, what day is it? 
rick: damn. i screwed the pooch. thought today was thursday. we came too early, morty. a month too early. 
rick: it s better than seasonal. it s a once every fifteen years event! lucky us, we get one every twelve months. he looks at a big screen on the side of a building, showing the news channel. (rolls his eyes) ughh, sandy crowswork. 
rick: hmm. not good. 
rick walks along the sidewalk. morty follows him, puzzled. 
rick: you would be surprised how much showbiz there is in politics, morty. the whole lunar race was basically a dick measuring contest. 
rick: that s why we re here, morty. dorpuntzelpians, they love their entertainment. they choose their leaders out of how offers the most exciting, entertaining thing, morty. 
rick: to each its own, morty. 
rick: you bet your ass we are. 
rick: good thinking, morty. i was worried about that too, but then i thought, since we re here, we might as well make sure she doesn t. morty oh, jeez. not far ahead, on a street corner, there is a campaigner trying to charm in the passing crowd, asking for support, for his third party candidate. there is a small group of dorpuntzelpians near an improvised stage. morty notices the campaigner. he walks closer to him so he can listen to what is being said. as he arrives, the campaigner announces 
rick: pass. he s just another pseudo-intellectual too obsessed with his own ideas to the point of thinking they have any worth. you got to be careful, morty, guys like him are always looking for a new way to screw you. zizump speaks directly to rick. 
rick: happiness is overrated. zizump chuckles, cordially. 
rick: a miserable planet called none of your business. morty intervenes. 
rick: hey, it s not my fault that this ring pop is snooping around, morty. indeed dorpunzelpians heads are shaped like a ring pop. a few of the crowd members scatter away. 
rick: careful. 
rick: that s horrible thinking, morty. these guys are all the same. they ramble and ramble and end up killing millions because of their idiosyncrasies. 
rick: but think about their movies, morty. they ve mastered the art of entertainment! they, they, they can t help it, morty! and von s movies, they top them all, morty! we re missing a spectacle here, a spectacle! ask zump pop. 
rick: all right, all right, morty, we ll play che guevara, if that means soooo much to you. morty is glad. 
rick: (to their prisoner) tell us who sandy s featuring artists are! 
rick: don t pop your zits yet, morty. steve and susan, the lively hosts of the channel, whom we have seen previously, chit-chat with zizump before the camera rolls. 
rick: we? christ, morty, have a little disassociation! the morning show with steve and susan is about to continue. the broadcasting supervisor shouts 
rick: it was pretty expectable, morty. i mean, zizump is a revolutionary candidate. and just so you know, major parties don t necessarily play, (air quotes) fair . 
rick: you think i carry some miraculous cure to internal bleedings everywhere i go? i mean, i m not mary poppins, morty. he takes his hand into his pocket. luckily, i have the next best thing. he pulls a small spray bottle out of his pocket. rick bends down and sprays zizump s wound. there. that should delay the bleeding until he gets to a hospital. 
rick: (unimpressed) whatever. i m going to watch the news. maybe i ll hear something that s actually new. he walks out of frame, and toward the hospital s lobby. sandy crowswork walks in. she looks like a sexist s wet dream, with a tight waist and a large cleavage-a futile celebrity, seemingly nice. following her are two cameramen, with cameras in hand, impatiently looking for good angles to shoot sandy s existence from. zizump is surprised to see sandy, but morty is mesmerized, his hormones jumping. 
rick: oh, good, morty, you re fine. i thought you might have blown up, or something. 
rick: you re right, morty. they-they made me spill my soda, morty! no one makes me spill my soda and gets away with it! 
rick: i don t know, morty. i ve had people go to great lengths to make me spill something. 
rick: alright, morty, alright! just, chill-i-o! naturally, rick grabs a gun from the floor and hands it to morty. here. go guard your friend while i squanch these fools. morty nods and heads back to zizump s room. rick draws his laser gun and begins to deal with the terrorists. he has a great start, with a wonderful headshot. oh yeah! spill that, motherfucker! 
rick: shit! he runs for cover, and finds it behind the front desk. bullets keep making holes. rick is cornered by two gun blazing killers. he looks around for a solution. then, rather quickly, rick builds an adapter for his portal gun and attaches it to its rectangular barrel. he leaps to his left and shoots his portal gun. the adapter divides the portal s blast in two two portals open under rick s enemies. they fall through the portals, and into a different dimensions. 
rick: jeez, what an egotistical princess. as usual, rick looks numb, while the rest process his act. you know, i usually try to keep myself away from situations such as this, but i actually think i made this world a great favor this time around. i feel good about it. you guys will be way better off without her music. (looks at zizump) and, huh, i don t want to say it, but you could thank me, you know. or you could, maybe, quit, so my grandson and i can enjoy what we came here for. morty looks at rick in a disapproving matter. i m just saying, it would be highly appreciated if he did that. it s not like he can run in good conscience anymore. 
rick: so what did you think, morty? amazing spectacle, right? 
rick: it s like they say, morty, if it ain t broke, don t fix it . hey, at least we got to shoot a couple of baddies, including that sandy character. morty smiles, but his smile is a little empty. rick notices this and is sympathetic. i bet she catchphrased after she pulled her gun on you. 
rick: oh, wow, how unique. hey, morty, ask me what i think she was. 
rick: dumb. morty's smile is a little brighter. 
rick: you're always freaking out morty. i've learned to tune it out. 
rick: a ghost? don't be an idiot, ghosts aren't real. 
rick: they don't believe in ghosts, because vampires aren't idiots. 
rick:--ugh alright alright. pipe down already. on the off chance that this"ghost"of yours is real, i ll make you a uhhh, anti-ghost... uhh.. bullet. rick starts making the bullet on his work bench. 
rick: well when you gotta kill a werewolf you use silver bullets right? this is the same, you know, similar kind of thing. morty wait, werewolves are real? 
rick: of course not morty! don't be an idiot! okay there, done. rick loads the anti-ghost bullet into a revolver he pulls from an ankle holster. he tosses it over his shoulder to morty without looking. 
rick: the first bullet in there is a psychokinetic round that should kill any apparition-ey kind of thing you come across. next time the ghost shows up, just hit it with that. 
rick: don't mention it. oh and be careful, the second bullet is a regular one. 
rick: i've got a secret for you jerry, she doesn't decide what she wants you to do until you've already done something. jerrywhat? 
rick: if you didn't help her with her bags she'd accuse you of being selfish and say that's why she's leaving. since you did help, she went with the smothering thing instead. and the only common factor here is your willingness to internalize any shit that gets pushed your way. jerry drops the suitcase, hangs his head, and turns to walk away. rick notices and rolls his eyes in irritation. 
rick: ugghh. okay jerry i ll tell you what. you guys divorcing would be pretty inconvenient to my living situation so i ve got an idea. 
rick: you need some perspective. so let's me and you right now go to the best strip club in the multi-verse! 
rick: she said it herself didn't she? she needs space. jerryright but i don't-- 
rick:--so if going to stay with a friend that lives eight blocks from here is helping, then obviously going to a galactic strip club twenty lightyears away would work even better! 
rick: can't sneak anything past you jerry. okay how about this. you like star wars right? 
rick: you know how star wars takes place long ago in a galaxy far far away? 
rick: spend two hours at the strip club and i'll take you to that galaxy. jerryno way! really! can we go to endor? 
rick: sure whatever. do we have a deal? 
rick: jesus christ jerry, endor? no wonder she left. 
rick and jerry walk through "human-boobs", the human themed alien strip club. jerry is wearing his jedi robes. 
rick: alright what do you think! 
rick: two hours was the deal. and the timer doesn't start until you stop complaining. here check this out! rick leads jerry over to two vending machines under a sign that reads"fantasy scanner". 
rick: this machine will scan your brain for your dirtiest, raunchiest fantasy and then put you in a virtual reality world where you can experience it! 
rick: alright lets do this! here's yours. just go in that booth and put this ticket in the machine. rick hands jerry a ticket and the two walk into separate booths. rick puts his ticket in and hit's the"start"button. the walls of the booth fade away. 
rick is sitting in front of a stage watching a blonde stripper pole-dance. 
rick: this is it? i feel like my brain can be a lot raunchier than this. when the stripper turns around rick sees it's a virtual reality beth. 
rick: oh jesus christ! 
rick: what the hell is this!? he pulls the ticket back out of the machine. it's stamped with a picture of jerry. rickoh god damn it. you grabbed the wrong ticket jerry, you idiot! arrg it's going to take me forever to get that image out of my head. rick gets out of his booth and starts walking around to jerry's. 
rick: and is your raunchiest fantasy seriously your own wife stripping for you? i mean there's"vanilla"and then there's"flavorless". jerry crawls out of the booth in a state of shock clenching the other ticket in his hand. he's shivering so hard he has trouble standing up. 
rick: oh boy. how we doin'jerry? you okay? what did you see? jerry slowly turns his thousand yard stare towards rick. 
rick: can you hear me jerry? do you still want to go to endor? jerry shakes his head no. 
rick: you want to get a drink? 
rick: okay jerry, i don't know exactly what you saw in there but it's probably best for both of us if you forget it, so take these. rick pours three vials of glowing liquid into jerry's glass. the substance violently fizzles and and steams on contact. 
rick: this will make you forget everything that happened today. drink it. jerry snatches the glass off the table chugs the entire thing in one gulp. 
rick: it's called a roofie jerry. i bought them from the bum behind the seven-eleven. rick's phone gets a call from morty. 
rick: what up. 
rick: i'm twenty lightyears away, can this wait? 
rick: uggh. rick hangs up the phone and shoots a portal. jerry is lying face down on the bar top. 
rick: hold on a sec i'll be right back. and try not to swallow your tongue. int. rick's garage-day 
rick: alright, what's so important. 
rick: that s why you called me here? do you see me wearing a chauffeur hat morty? 
rick: no you don t. and there s a very specific reason for that. 
rick: no an emergency is what you called me away from. your dad is alone in an alien bar having a mental breakdown. it's not a safe place for someone in his state of mind. or just his mind in general. 
rick: the mall? are you kidding me? what kind of emergency could possibly necessitate you going to the mall?. you run out of yellow shirts? rick punches buttons into his portal gun and fires a portal onto the wall. 
rick: there. don't ever pull this crap again morty. 
rick: and my garage is off limits by the way! i thought i ve been like, super clear on that! 
rick sees that morty is calling, and rolls his eyes before hitting ignore. 
rick: how we doing man? 
rick: of course i was right. jerryshe doesn't want a sidekick, she wants a partner. and i've always known that but it's scary to rock the boat when our relationship is hanging on by a thread. right now she hates me, but not enough to leave. what if the transition from the jerry i am to an assertive jerry she'd like more is so rocky she leaves before it's over? 
rick: life is risk jerry, you'll get there one day. 
rick: well let's not be dramatic. 
rick: my brain? glass houses jerry. jerryno, i'm not going to settle for the bare minimum anymore. for her sake and mine, i'm going to be better. i'm going to make myself the man we both want me to be! 
rick: i m really happy you had this little break through jerry, but i'll remind you that you took a triple dose of roofies like half an hour ago. so try to enjoy your new perspective while you can still remember it. 
rick: see jerry? all you needed was some space. also i guess a massivetragedy never hurts when trying to bring people together. kind of got lucky with the timing on that one. summer is leafing through a catalog of prosthetic legs. morty walks over to rick and tugs on his jacket. 
rick: jesus, you look like hell. 
rick: what morty, is there another emergency ? where do you have to go this time? amusement park? 
rick: jesus morty only you could stutter when not speaking. morty 
rick: i love our little talks morty! rick snags a bouquet of flowers off a passing cart and brings them to summer. 
rick,  summer,  jerry,    beth: happy birthday to morty. happy birthday to you! before morty can blow the candles out, rick fires air from a pistol that extinguishes the flames. 
rick: alright come on morty. you re going to love my present, morty. 
rick: please, jerry. all morty is to you is a get out a jail free card. jail being a burp divorce. 
rick: nothing. fine. open your stupid present from your stupid parents. they probably got you a scooter or something. beth hands morty the present. he opens it. 
rick: an even more convolutedly stupid piece of transportation. if you wanted him to look like a fairy you should ve gotten him a hula burp hoop. 
rick: mediocre fun is over. time for real fun. go to my lab, morty. you can go too summer. give morty some of your wisdom or whatever it was. morty and summer exit for the lab. rick starts to follow but jerry stops him. 
rick: jesus jerry, you re really going to make me spell it out for you, aren t ya? the only reason beth is still with you is for the kids. 
rick: yeah it is jerry. the minute morty is old enough to realize monogamy is stupid, she ll divorce you faster than she realized having sex with you was the biggest mistake of her life. 
rick: the thing is burp i do, jerry. you re a pathetic man with a pathetic future. rick leaves. 
rick  (o. s.) : and you should do it again if you want to stay married, pal. cut to 
rick: she s somethin else, huh morty? 
rick: she s the novel-t6. she scans text and converts it into a virtual world, morty. it ll make your books come to life. you get to live it, morty. live it. happy birthday. 
rick: easy, morty. this machine over here converts our minds and bodies into text and then uploads them into the virtual world. 
rick: (jokingly naive) oh, i don t know-how about a little story i found called morty potter! 
rick: yes, and i gotta say, it s a pretty cool burp universe you thought up there, morty."morty's castle"4. 
rick: (sarcastic) oh excuse me, summer. i forgot your sophisticated reading resumé included the first 32 pages of infinite jest. how about instead of spending the day sending pictures of your tits to your class, you spend the day with morty? 
rick: i m sure your college application really appreciates it. 
rick: what s roy? (remembering) oh, yeah! that game at blips n chitz! no, it s not like that. i thought of this idea before i saw roy existed. they re similar, but different enough. now, step on the platform and put your helmets on. the three of them step onto the platform, put the helmets on, and sit down. rick grabs a video camera. 
rick: (laughing at his undeveloped joke) it s for-the-uh-the-uh- (can t find the punchline) ah, nevermind. it s to film your birthday, morty. don t you want to remember it? 
rick: (whispering to himself, but obviously loud enough for morty and summer to hear) he has no idea that i m really bringing this camera to document how humans would actually interact with morty s world. then i ll sell the book and movie rights and become rich. rick looks back and sees that morty and summer surprisingly heard none of what he said. (to morty) did you hear what i just said? no. none of it? mortyrick 
rick: (confused) ok. well let s go. rick pulls a lever. visors lower from the helmets and a blue force field appears around them. the force field quickly scans them up and down a couple times. the scanner scrolls through words that then turn into numbers (like the matrix). the scanner stops and they are gone. cut to 
rick, : looks train metal morty, and summer are sitting in a train car. summer bored and morty is enthralled by the experience. the car is lined with wood. the benches are red velvet with bars holding luggage overhead. 
rick: that s right. you re a wizard, morty. morty looks out of the window. wizards are flying past the train without broomsticks. 
rick: broom sticks? see, that s one of the problems with your stories, morty. these wizards can kill people, control people s minds, and levitate objects. why not just make themselves fly? the broom stick was unneces- burp -sary and kinda gay. 
rick: (sarcastic) oh no! you re going to miss your show where one girl, tells-tells another girl to fuck off? you ll be too busy chatting up cute boys and playing water polo to notice. 
rick: tons. the novel-t6 gives any character that s mentioned but doesn t have any real depth one of two character models that i designed. and when it comes to creating characters with no real depth, morty knows what he s doing. 
rick: enough! you guys are starting to make me regret having your mother. this is a stupid conversation, and summer that was a stupid example. soldiers are disposable, just like morty s attention to detail. the train s pa system beeps loudly as the train comes to a stop. 
rick: really thought outside the box for that one. 
rick: let s go ahead and stop at the gift shop on the way out to pick you up a wand. cut to 
rick: i went ahead and ditched a currency system, morty. i may be an asshole burp , but i m not a freemium asshole. 
rick: alright, let s go. 
rick: i have one, morty. the most powerful wand there is. (he pulls out a wand. it is shaped like a penis) designed it myself. morty and summer take a second. look at each other and hesitate to comment."morty's castle" 
rick: i see a wand. 
rick: it could kind of look like a mosquito. a mosquito? summer 
rick: yeah, two big eyes, long, pointy nose. silence. fine. it s a dick. is that what you want me to say? jeez, you guys are immature. 
rick: i have the power to alter the text as the computer generates it, morty. here, watch. rick whispers into the balls of the wand and then shoots a white beam at the wand merchant. the wand merchant transforms into a toned, attractive man. summer is clearly attracted to him while morty is upset. 
rick: (laughing) see, morty?! now that s comedy! absurdity and burp misdirection! (serious) not some stereotypical character saying things you think are funny. rick starts to walk towards the school, rick and summer follow. (still talking to morty) challenge yourself. cut to 
rick, morty, and summer walk through the woods and into an opening revealing the castle. it’s almost an exact replica of hogwarts castle from harry potter. there is an open yard with fresh cut grass and a fountain of morty with a wizard hat on. the yard is full of people, but they’re too far away to make them out. a pigeon with the head of a honey badger flies and perches on top of the school. 
rick: (filming them) i know. now here, cheat out to camera. 
rick: what s wrong? the courtyard is full of students that look exactly like rick and morty except with poorly drawn faces in pencil[shown on last page of script]. rick, morty, and summer walk through the yard. a group of imitation ricks are seen wearing letterman jackets throwing a football. one imitation rick is seen glitching, stuck in a wall. 
rick: forgive me for having a inconsequential bugs in creates universes. what yesterday? jack off and blocks? couple a program that did you do play with a caterpillar inches out of a bush. an imitation morty launches out of the bush onto the caterpillar and shoves it into his mouth. uh-ew. summer 
rick: (directed to the real morty) yeah, morty, gross. a group of imitation mortys are seen casting spells at each other that make the recipient of the spell poop their pants. stop! 
rick: that s burp retarded summer. i grew up on the word retarded. it s like the word jew . it s not offensive unless used offensively. and morty, that was burp pretty insensitive. 
rick: yeah, morty? maybe this will teach you to go that extra mile when writing characters. don t leave the readers to fill in the blanks. and they aren t mentally challenged, morty. pretty close to it though. why?! morty 
rick: i entered in the stats as i saw fit. 
rick: relax, morty! your intelligence number ranges from one to five. 
rick: (brag laughing) they re all flat hundos, baby! 
rick: before you start bitching and moaning about numbers, know that you have a few maxed out stats yourself. like what? morty 
rick: for starters, your sex drive burp stat. how bout that, morty, huh? my man is desperate for a scoop of that poon puddin ! 
rick: no! stop! you can t take your helmet off until we get to a save point. if you take it off now, your data will be lost in here forever. 
rick: class! come on, quick! we re almost late. summer looks directly at the camera and fixes her hair. 
rick: what the hell are you doing? 
rick: no. we aren t doing that. summer, rick, and morty all run towards the entrance of the school along with everyone else. some imitation ricks start to fly from the courtyard through the windows while the imitation mortys burrow underground. as rick, morty, and summer run towards the double doors, one imitation morty stops burrowing and looks at summer. girl? 
rick, morty, and summer bust into the classroom. there are 4 rows of 5 desks. there are three empty desks in the back, every other desk is occupied by an imitation rick. there is a playpen in the back of the classroom filled with imitation mortys. they’re crammed in the playpen all wearing dunce caps. professor pringu [shown on last page of script] stands at the front of the class. he is a short man with glasses, a tie, short sleeved button down, and a giant, bean shaped head. a small, black, comb-over toupee sits on top of his head. he has a monotone lisp. 
rick: (to morty) congrats, morty. your best character is the wizard equivalent to randy quaid. 
rick: yeah, summer. class tends to be fast when everyone knows everything. 
rick: you wanna burp teach a dog with no legs to play patty cake? a group of imitation ricks[strongly rick, studly rick, stunningly rick, squirts] wearing letterman jackets with their leader, brock, approach summer. 
rick: (whipping out his video camera) this is perfect. just pretend i m not here. 
rick: i ll film you later, morty. jeez, it s always the worst actors that want the most screen time. the door slams shut behind rick. the imitation mortys avert their attention towards the door and then at morty with a blank stare. 
rick: perfect. we re already at the rising action. 
rick: summer! describe what you re feeling, really quick. 
rick: shit summer, i got it, you re happy. 
rick: summer is fine, morty. an imitation morty aims at rick and fires. rick is busy writing in his note pad but morty notices it. rick! 
rick: you can t die now, morty. readers are zealots when it comes to main characters. god forbid you kill one off. readers? morty"morty's castle" 
rick: i might as well tell you, maybe you ll feel more compelled to heighten this burp piss poor performance. i created novel-t6 and put you guys in it to observe how a popular girl and pathetic loser realistically react with the universe. publishers are interested. 
rick: i m taking you to the children s theatre when this is over, morty, because this is not working. 
rick: fine, just take my wand and write yourself out. rick hands morty his wand. morty is about to whisper into the balls of the wand until he gets an idea. 
rick: you mother fucker. 
rick: how does it feel knowing your sister is about to be used by a bunch of sex depraved, old men more than an office coffee machine? 
rick: you must be a one. cut to 
rick is sitting on the ground in the cage. the surrounding field is filled with dead bodies, not a living creature nearby. morty and summer magically appear. they’re smiling due to their victory. 
rick: so you won? it s over? are you happy now, morty? 
rick: ok, well i m going to need you to describe the events to me in detail using words that you wouldn t find on the back of a cereal box. 
rick: (not amused) great trick, morty. the suspense is burp killing me. so sneaky, i didn t even see you whisper into the wand. 
rick: what? but how did- (not amused) oh i get it. perfect joke, morty, you got me with the old misdirection. (to summer) did you make him disappear while i wasn t looking? 
rick: (suddenly scared) then that means- (not amused) you used it awhile ago to cast a timed spell. great joke, morty. cut to 
rick: what the hell did you do?! jerry fumbles over his words trying to explain himself while rick looks at the screen. congrats, jerry. you deleted your son. i tell you to make more kids, and you do the opposite. truly, only you could achieve such a high level of moron. 
rick: that s a morty?... maybe. jerry"morty's castle" 
rick: if it is, i have an idea. 
rick: i m not a child abductor like your father, summer. i m going to retrieve as much data as i can on the original morty and then download it into this baby morty. doing so will speed up the aging process and give us a near identical morty. 
rick: your dad deleted you, so i constructed you using a baby s body and a series of ones and zeros. rick starts to leave."morty's castle" 
rick: oh, yeah. and whenever you sneeze from now on, you ll shit your pants. that s what you get for locking me in a burp cage. rick leaves. summer stands awkwardly looking at a devastatedmorty. 
rick: hey pal, i bought you an ice cream. 
rick: (comforting) if it makes you feel any better, this body is almost identical. your mind and memories are the exact same as they were five seconds before you were deleted. 
rick: (rubbing his back) of course i m right, morty. rick s phone rings. (showing off) that must be the publishers. one moment, morty, while i get rich as hell. (into the phone) hello?-uh huh-uh huh-what?-what the fuck is harry potter?-hello? rick hangs up. he looks at morty with fire in his eyes. he lifts up morty s journal. you plagiarized this?! 
rick: (livid) oh yeah? you write-write about screwing rainbow unicorns too? 
rick: i can t believe i let your weird, sick fetishes fuck me again! 
rick  (o. s.) : (from the kitchen) yo mortaay! 
rick: where s your guys s juice jug? 
rick: u-u-useless as always, morty- (turning around) wait! what are you doing!? 
rick: (facepalms) ohhhh you goddamn idiot, morty. that s not water. you just drank roughly 800 micro-grams of pure tralfamyouloid acid. 
rick: no, just get ready for the hardest fucking trip of your pubescent l-l-life. 
rick: a drug trip, morty! you re about to get high. high as a-a-a mutha fuckin kite, yo! 
rick: uhhh, it s different for everyone. let s just say you ll probably experience your birth a couple times. my birth? morty 
rick: yeah, you know, you coming out y-y-your mom s vagina. 
rick leads morty to the living room. 
rick: what are you doing drinking out of random cups? have some forethought, morty. sit down. what? morty 
rick: d-d-did i stutter? sit down. morty sits down in the sofa chair. 
rick: you ll want to be seated when it kicks in. 
rick: what are you writing a book? 
rick: it s going to be fine, you ll just lose complete control of your body. what!? morty 
rick: (grabbing morty) of this body, morty! you ll be free to move around in your other bodies. 
rick: every other body you ve lived in, i-i-in your entire pathetic life! you re about to get unstuck in time, morty. enjoy it! tralfam acid isn t cheap. you drank, l-l-like twelve hundred flentils worth. do you know how many dollars twelve hundred flentils, converts to? 
rick: what are you making a joke, morty? y-y-you a comedian all of a sudden? 
rick: five grand, morty. the answer was five grand. 
rick: what s going on out here!? you okay, sweetie? 
rick: shut up, jerry. 
rick: a laser? what are you doing with a laser, jerry? 
rick: was it this? 9. 
rick: jerry, you fucking idiot. what are you doing with my tools!? 
rick: do you know what this does!? do you know what you just did!? 
rick: always with the ill-timed sarcasm huh, jerry and you wonder why your marriage is goin to shit. hey! jerry 
rick: this is an extremely high-powered compactor, it can crush objects past the point of an atom! and you just used it on this planet! they feel a tremor. 
rick: a-a-actually morty, right now, b-because of your dumbass dad, the earth is getting squeeeezed down into infinity-you know, l-like a black hole, waaaay worse than seismic waves, b-b-but nice try though. everyone what!? 
rick: (looking at watch) calm down, not right away. we-we got like four hours before we get passed the point-of-no-return, at which point, well, th-th-there s no return. 
rick: why don t we just sit back and watch the chaos unfold? (looking around) a-a-anyone? no! summer 
rick: ohhhh, feelin a little guilty, are we? 
rick: of course i can, sweetie. you know i just love showing jerry the business. another tremor hits and the loose satellite dish tips over and falls, passing over jerry and hits rick square in the head. he knocks out. dad! 
rick: waking up from that dream again morty? how many times do i have to tell you, robot rape i-i-is a myth. 
rick: what-yeah, sure. 
rick: what!? you took tralfam acid!? you got anymore!? 
rick: oh shit, morty, you re tripping right now!! th-that s how you know it s some good shit! 
rick: calm down, morty. it s gonna be okay. the trick to tripping on tralfam, is just to go with the flow. grab life by the shaft. you re re-living random moments from you re life, you-you have to play along. d-d-don t break the fourth wall so to speak, or-or you re gonna get stuck there. what!? morty 
rick: if you don t play along, you don t snap out of it. you can get stuck there for-for like years. so play along, okay? years? morty 
rick: yeah, it reeeally raises the-the stakes, huh? just sit still, so you can get the fuck out of here. a beat. 
rick: it-it s always random. sometimes in minutes, sometimes hours. just don t think about. 
rick: yeah, morty, just sit still and shut up. another beat. 
rick: ahh! mother fucker. he looks around. 
rick: god damn, jerry. he looks to morty and shakes him awake. 
rick: morty! morty! you-you okay? oh right, the tralfam. this was a baaad time to trip morty. rick picks up morty and drags him outside. 
rick: good god jerry, you r-really know how to fuck a planet up. 
rick: there, i-it s over. hope you re proud of yourself. you did some reeeal damage, jerry. earth is now mu-much smaller, which will drastically affect gravity, not to mention the-the electromagnetic waves. i bet a lot of people probably died too. 
rick: i mean, w-was it worth it? all this, f-f-for some sports? 
rick: a-a-anytime sweetie. it s not the job you-you want, b-b-but you gotta-you gotta grab life by the shaft. th-that s what i always say. grab life b-by the shaft. isn t that right, morty? morty doesn t respond. he just lies there. 
rick: (looking at watch) he s fine. he should wake up riiiight about.... now. nope. 
rick: hmm, he must of fucked something up. the a-a-apple doesn t fall far from the tree, huh? hey, why don t i fix the satellite dish, we ll pop some popcorn and we can watch some mindless tv to forget about the millions that p-p-perished. 
rick: you got stuck there didn t you, morty? 
rick: jesus, h-how long where you there? 
rick: i told you tralfam was the shit!! 
rick: no, you drug addict. plus you owe me five grand. jerry and beth are watching tv behind them. the big game is on. a presidential logo pops on screen with a loud beep. 
